 s website. 
In addition to remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the annual general 
meeting of Bonava has resolved to implement long -term share -related incentive plans. The 
incentive plans are distinctly linked to the business strategy and th ereby sustainability and to 
the company's long -term value creation through the defined performance measures .

Total remuneration of the CEO 
Table 1 – Total remuneration to the CEO for the financial year 2024 
 
 Base salary Variable 
cash 
remune -
ratio n Share -
based 
remune -
ration Benef
its Occu -
pational 
pensions Other 
remune -
ration Total 
remune -
ration 
Peter Wallin 
CEO 
 kSEK 8 629 2 859 0 6 2 481 0 13 975 
Percentage of 
total re -
muneration 61% 20% 0% 0% 18% 0% 100% 
 
Base salary includes car allowance, holiday pay and reduced working hours . Benefits includes 
health insurance and wellness allowance . Other remuneration includes , where applicable, 
severance pay . Variable cash remuneration refers to e neration refers to earned and actual ly paid in respect of 
the financial year and performance in 202 4. Share -based remuneration refers to any paid out 
share -based remuneration , presented in detail in Table 2 below . Variable cash remuneration 
and share -based remuneration (variable remuneration ) amounted to 20 percent of base 
salary , benefits and occupational pensions (fixed salary ). 
 
Variable cash remuneration 
Variable cash remuneration is linked to predetermined and measurable criteria with a clear 
connection to the company's predefined financial or qualitative objectives. Variable cash 
remuneration may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of the fixed cash remuneration. The 
outcome is related to the achievement of set targets regarding profitability as well as growth 
for the group . The board of directors is responsible for the evaluation of the CEO's 
performance . The Board has assessed the following parameters in decid ing the outcome for 
the CEO.The financial com EO.The financial components used by the Board of Directors in determining the CEO’s 
variable cash remuneration are operating profit before interest and tax, the number of units 
sold and number of units that have started production. Qualitative targets have included 
measures to promote stability and retain key employees during the challenging market 
conditions during the year. The outcome of the incentive program for 2024 was conditional 
upon the fulfilment of predetermined financial criteria. The outcome for the finan cial year 
2024 amounted t o 64 percent of the maximum possible outcome. 
 
Share -based remuneration 
Outstanding share and share -price related incentive programmes 
During 202 4, Bonava had three outstanding long -term performance -based share program mes 
for approx. 50 senior executives and key personnel within the Bonava Group (LTIP 202 1, LTIP 
2022 and LTIP 2023 ). The purpose of the programmes is to connect the shareholders' and the 
executive management's i utive management's interests ensure maximum long -term value creation , to create a

long -term group -wide focus on performance development and to facilitate the recruitment 
and retention of members of the executive management and other key personnel. 
All incentive p rogrammes performance based and with a duration o f three years. From LTIP 
2022 there is also a possiblity to recieve matching shares eq uivalent to 1/9 of the total 
maximum potential allocation after the end of the program. Participation in the programmes 
requires an investment in shares of Bonava AB, so called i nvestment shares, which are 
allocated to the programme . All programs are limited to a maximum of 400% of the share 
price (including any compensation for dividends) upon vesting . 
In connection with the decision on a new share issue in 2024, a bonus issue factor of 1.847059 
was established, which affected the two ongoing LTI programs. The recalculation meant that 
each share right in the programs was ad