 ttee of CapMan’s Board convened 
three times in 2024 to prepare matters concerning the 
remuneration of the Company’s CEO and other management. 
Based on the preparation of the Remuneration Committee the 
Board decided on short-term incentive rewards to the Company’s 
management (other than CEO) regarding financial year 2023 
which were paid in March 2024. In addition, the Board decided 
on the management’s (other than CEO) short-term incentive 
programme for the financial year of 2024. In accordance 
with the Board’s previous decision in principle, the CEO has 
not in recent years been included in the short-term incentive 
programmes. Based on the Company’s current situation, the 
Board has outlined that the CEO’s variable remuneration is to be 
based mainly on long-term incentives.According to the Board’s opinion, the decision-making on 
remuneration complied with the decision-making process 
described in the Remuneration Policy, and the remuneration 
components are consistent with t re consistent with the principles set out in the 
Policy, and there has been no deviation from the Remuneration 
Policy. No clawback was exercised to the remuneration of the 
Board or CEO.
1.2 Focus on Long-Term Remuneration with a 
Share-Based Incentive Programme
The Company aims at maintaining attractive, competitive, 
fair and sustainable remuneration which strives to achieving 
strategic business objectives of the Company in short-term 
and especially in the long-term. The Board has emphasised the 
significance of the strategic long-term success with sustainability 
as the Company’s key objective by attaching the CEO’s variable 
remuneration entirely to long-term incentive programme 
including sustainability performance targets. The CEO is 
excluded from the short-term incentive programme. 
The Company had one active share-based incentive 
programme at the end of 2024. The program is targeted for the 
CEO, management group and selected key employees, altogether 
approximately 20 pe  the 
third performance period will end on 31 March 2025. The 
participants may earn a performance-based reward from each 
of the performance periods and a matching reward from the 
2022–2025 period. The rewards from the Plan are paid in the 
Company’s shares one year after each reward determination, i.e. 
in 2024, 2025, and 2026. The shares paid as reward may not be 
transferred during the one-year lock-up periods.
The prerequisite for receiving a reward from the Plan is that 
a participant acquired Company shares or allocated previously 
owned Company shares to the Plan up to the number determined 
by the Board. The reward is based on the Total Shareholder 
Return (TSR), the achievement of sustainability-linked targets, 
and on the participant’s employment or service upon reward 
payment. The sustainability-linked targets are as follows:
• Set science-based targets for climate, have the targets 
validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative and thereafter 
follow the GHG emission