  rewards 
executives when shareholders are rewarded. 
Levels of fixed remuneration are set based on 
individuals’ experience and contribution, and in 
the context of the external market.
While we do not seek to adhere rigidly to 
market benchmarks, we monitor and take into 
account pay levels and incentive opportunities in 
the principal markets from which we recruit: our 
European brewing and spirits peers, the 
consumer goods sector, as well as companies 
across industry sectors in the Nordic region.
Many of our investors – including our majority 
shareholder – are long-term holders of our 
shares. We want our executives to share our 
shareholders’ perspective and believe 
remuneration should align their interests accordingly. The balance between the short-
term remuneration package and long-term 
share-based pay and shareholding requirements 
strengthens this alignment.
The Remuneration Committee did not propose 
any changes to the pay structure in 2024 and 
confirms that there were imise alignment with shareholder value.The maximum level of the long-term incentive award 
granted in 2024 is 200% of fixed salary for the CEO 
and 150% for the CFO based on the face value of the 
award. See Remuneration Policy, section 4.C.•Relative total shareholder return (TSR)
•Growth in adjusted EPS at constant currencies
•Organic revenue growth
•ROIC at constant currencies
•Environmental, social and governance (ESG)20%
20%
20%
20%
20%3 years
1 This row covers details related to the following GOV-3 disclosures: (ESRS 2) 29c; (ESRS 2) 29d; (E1. GOV-3) 13.TOTAL REMUNERATION
The table on page 8 shows total remuneration 
of the Executive Board, including fixed salary 
and variable payments, and is explained in the 
following. 
35% of the CEO’s total remuneration was fixed 
for the year, while 65% was variable. For the 
CFO, 39% was fixed and 61% was variable .Fixed salary
The Remuneration Committee reviews fixed 
salaries for the executive directors annually, 
considering a number of  ation of the
Supervisory BoardRemuneration of the 
Executive BoardCEO pay ratio Summary of Executive 
Board remunerationChanges in Supervisory Board
remunerationESRS data points Supervisory Board 
statementIndependent auditor’s 
statement
8 Carlsberg Group Remuneration Report 2024Annual bonus awarded in 2024
MeasureMaximum
% of salary Achieved Description
Organic revenue growth 30% - Achievement below threshold due to difficult market conditions.
Operating profit growth 30% 29.8% Achievement close to maximum target based on strong operating profit performance.
Addressable cash flow 25% 25.0% Achievement above the maximum target based on strong cash delivery despite the 
challenging environment for revenue.
Individual objectives 15% 12.0% Achievement as further described in the text.
Total 100% 66.8%

Long-term incentive arrangements
The long-term incentives are designed to 
incentivise the executive directors to deliver on 
the long-term business objectives and to 
maximise alignment w the 2022-2024 plan.
The targets for this plan were disclosed in the 
Remuneration Report for 2022.
For the 3-year period ending in 2024, the total 
vesting of the LTI plan wa s 75% of maximum as 
further detailed in the table on the following 
page.Granted in 2024
In 2024, the CEO was granted long-term 
incentive awards with a face value of 200% of 
fixed full-year salary. 
The CFO was granted an award with face value 
of 150% of fixed full-year salary. 
The long-term incentive awards comply with 
the maximum award levels outlined in our 
Remuneration Policy. Consequently, the 
eventual number of shares that vest cannot be 
higher than the number granted.
The table on the following page includes our 
best estimate of the fair value of these awards 
at year-end. Introduction Our 
remunerationRemuneration of the
Supervisory BoardRemuneration of the 
Executive BoardCEO pay ratio Summary of Executive 
Board remunerationChanges in Supervisory Board
remunerationESRS data points Supervisory B points Supervisory Board 
statementIndependent auditor’s 
statement
9 Carlsberg Group Remuneration Report 2024

The grant levels are decided at the discretion of 
the Supervisory Board to align the overall 
remuneration structure with our pay strategy. 
Any awards are subject to successful 
achievement of stated performance criteria. 
The performance conditions for the 2024-2026 
programme are detailed in the table on page 9.
OUTSTANDING LONG-TERM 
AWARDS
The table to the right outlines the total number 
of outstanding performance shares for the 
executive directors.
The number of shares shown in the table is the 
maximum number of shares that can vest.
The fair value of performance shares is 
calculated for the Company by an external 
agency based on accounting standards (as 
further detailed in the Annual Report) and 
taking into consideration the terms and 
conditions upon which the performance shares 
are granted.
RECLAIMING VARIABLE PAY
In the event of serious misconduct, or if an