 sult, revenue, or other similar targets 
set by the Board of Director. The part of the short -term remuneration may not exceed the amount of fixed salary 
paid annually to the CEO. 
The short -term remuneration criteria for the CEO were decided by the board of directors in 2024 : 
Earning criteria Weighting Remuneration max 
Operation profit margin (EBIT %) 100 % four (4) month salary 
The CEO is part of the Company's Long -Term Incentive (LTI) plan for key personnel, which the Board decided 
to implement on December 17, 2019. The Board decided on November 19, 2020, to extend the validity of the 
incentive plan first until 2025 and on Novem ber 30, 2021, to further extend the validity of the incentive plan until 
2026. The Board has also decided that the incentive plan will have five (5) earning periods instead of four (4). 
The basis for the changes was the significant change in the business e nvironment caused by the continuation of 
the coronavirus pandemic 
A share -based remunerat are -based remuneration, such as stock awards or options, may be used to reward long -term (LTI). The 
reward to be paid on the basis of the share plan can be paid at the end of the earning period as a combination 
of shares and cash, in which case the amount corresponds to the taxes and tax -like payments arising from the 
share remuneration. The Company may pay the CEO's earning period reward entirely in cash in exceptional 
circumstances, in accordance with a decision made by the Board. The Board may set a minimum holding period 
for share -based rewards paid on the basis of variable remuneratio n and determine situations in which the shares 
may revert to the Company's ownership. The Board may set a minimum holding period for share -based rewards 
paid on the basis of variable remuneration and determine situations in which the shares may revert to the 
Company's ownership. 
The purpose of the long -term share -based intensive plan is to combine the objectives of shareholders and ke