 appointed as CEO from 1 March 2024. 
** Commercially sensitive information, the disclosure of which may be detrimental to the company.
6
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 Remuneration Report

Variable pay components: long-term incentive 
scheme
The CEO’s long-term incentive consists of performance-
based incentive schemes. Such performance-based 
incentive schemes are designed to align the goals of 
shareholders and key personnel in increasing the value of 
the company in the long term, to secure the commitment 
of key employees to the company and to offer them a 
competitive remuneration scheme based on the earnings 
and accumulation of shares in the company. The Board 
decides the scheme’s earnings criteria at the beginning of 
each earnings period.
The payout value for the performance-based incentive 
scheme is based on the following: 
1) The maximum allocation of shares, decided at the 
beginning of the earnings period
2) The actualisation of the targets (0–100%)
3) The development of the share p pment of the share price
In addition, dividend adjustments may increase the payout 
value.
The potential incentives are paid partly as shares in the 
company and partly in cash. The cash portion covers the 
taxes and tax-like charges incurred by the participant as a 
result of the remuneration. In the event of termination of 
the participant’s employment or service relationship before 
the incentive is paid, the amount of incentive paid depends 
on the cause of termination. According to the rules of the 
performance-based scheme, the CEO must hold at least 
half of the net shares paid on the basis of the scheme until 
the holding in the company is equal to the value of the 
annual gross salary and must hold these shares throughout 
their tenure.2024–2026 2025–2027
Financial year in which reward is 
paid2027 Financial year in which reward is 
paid 2028
Maximum number of shares 44,000 Maximum number of shares 
Targets Weighting Targets Weighting
Financial targets 86.67% Financial targets  2,974 
Between target 
and maximum55%
Total target realisation, % 38.79% Total target realisation, % 47.19%
Performance bonus, EUR 115,260 Performance bonus, EUR 46,718
Payment March 2024 Payment September 2024Maximum limits, targets, performance bonus paid and dates of payment for short-term incentive scheme
* Mattila served as CEO until 29 February 2024.
**Commercially sensitive information, the disclosure of which may be detrimental to the company. 
10
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 Remuneration Report

Variable pay components: long-term incentive 
scheme 
Mr Mattila’s long-term incentive consists of performance-
based incentive schemes. Performance-based incentive 
schemes are designed to align the goals of shareholders 
and key personnel in increasing the value of the company 
in the long term, to secure the commitment of key 
employees to the company and to offer them a competitive 
remuneration scheme based on the earnings and 
accumulation of shares in the company. The Board decides 
the 