 ration
Total remuneration comprises of Board and regis -
tered executive remuneration. 
Total remuneration
(DKK 1,000) 2024 2023
Board remuneration 6,953 6,798
Executive remuneration 35,166 38,210
Total remuneration 42,119 45,008The remuneration of the Board of Directors in 2024 
was higher than the remuneration in 2023 due to 
an increase in board fees to the Board of Directors 
in 2024.
The registered executives in 2024 were Group 
CEO Mikko Juhani Keto, and Group CFO Roland M. 
Andersen. 
The elements of the executive remuneration 
consist of a fixed cash-based salary, short-term-, 
long-term- and other incentives. Share based 
compensation (Long-term incentive programme) is 
included at fair value of incentives granted during 
2024. In the Annual report the cost is accrued over 
the vesting period of up to three years. Therefore, 
the executive remuneration as reported in Remu -
neration report cannot be directly compared to 
the executive remuneration in Annual report. 
Base salar ciple that the total 
reward offering shall consist of fixed and variable 
incentive-based remuneration. This total remuner -
ation framework ensures the Company can attract 
and retain key executive profiles on competitive 
terms, while the incentive-based remuneration 
also encourages Group Executive Management to 
deliver results through strong strategy execution 
and value creation for shareholders. 
Type of remuneration for the Group Executive Management
Type of remuneration Remuneration elements
Base salary Fixed cash salary based on market levels, paid on a monthly basis.
Short-term incentive programme Cash based variable remuneration up to 75% of the annual base salary, paid annually.
The pay-out level is dependent on fulfilment of KPIs. The KPIs are a combination of individual (financial/non-financial) and group wide financial KPIs. Group wide financial KPIs are:
 - Order intake
 - EBITA-margin
 - Cash flow from operating activities (CFFO)
Long-term incentive programme Share b res -
holds.
The Board of Directors has the overall authority 
in deciding the final design of the annual short-
term incentive programme for Group Execu -
tive Management. The Board of Directors may 
decide to deviate from the short-term incentive 
programme design, if deemed necessary.Long-term incentive programme
Long-term incentives are offered in the form of 
a performance share programme. The purpose 
of this programme is to ensure value creation for 
shareholders by aligning the value of the long-
term incentive awards with the performance of 
Group Executive Management and the achieve -
ment of the FLSmidth’s long-term targets whilst 
also retaining management and other key talent.
Subject to the Board of Directors’ approval, the 
granting of performance share units may take 
place once a year, normally upon presentation 
of FLSmidth’s annual report. For each year, 
performance share units may be granted up 
to a maximum value corresponding to 100% of 
the annual base salary fo nnual base salary for the year in question. 
However, the individual target and maximum 
levels of the performance share programme for 
Group Executive Management is fixed as part of 
the ongoing remuneration adjustment cycle.
Vesting of the performance share units is 
dependent on (i) time (minimum a three (3) year 
vesting period), (ii) continued employment, and (iii) 
performance, i.e. achievement of at least one or 
more of the announced long-term KPIs.
The long-term KPIs of the programme are set 
by the Board of Directors. A 100% achievement 
level of the KPIs of the programme shall result in 
a target level awarding of performance shares. 
Maximum awarding of performance shares 
requires performance substantially over and 
above target performance. A minimum threshold for financial performance may be required to 
award any performance share units
Vesting of the performance share units happens 
in the form of cliff vesting upon the expiry of 
the vesting period. Once vested, corre