  Oct 19, 2022, onwards. The remuneration 
details contain the base salary as well as the car and phone benefit; pension is not included in this amount. 
*** Excluding restructuring costs.and executives with those of the shareholders, and to 
enhance management’s commitment to achieving 
strategic targets and to promoting the long-term financial 
success of the Company, as well as to contribute to the 
positive development of shareholder value. The executive 
shareholding requirements support the alignment of 
corporate aims and executive interests.
At Konecranes, remuneration is linked to performance 
and achievements on all organizational levels. The short-
term incentive plan for senior management is based on 
annual targets related to the financial and sustainability 
performance of the Group. The long-term Performance 
Share Plan is based on longer-term financial performance 
and shareholder value creation.
 and strategy and how those have been considered in existing 
remuneration  inancial, operational or strategic. 
The CEO’s and Deputy CEO’s annual incentive is based on the comparison of financial performance of 
the Company against the set targets. The actual award payout amount is based on the HR Committee’s 
evaluation and proposal, which is approved by the Board. The maximum achievement is capped at 
100% of the annual base salary. 
Long-term incentives
To align the objectives of 
shareholders and Konecranes’ key 
employees to increase the value 
of the Company, to commit key 
employees to the Company and 
to reward for achieving set targets 
in the long termKonecranes provides a Performance Share Plan. After each Performance Share Plan period, the plan 
participants may earn share rewards for achieving set targets. For each share plan period, a maximum 
reward is defined. 
The actual reward payment is based on the performance of the Company against the pre-set criteria 
decided by the Board of Directors. If a threshold level for the criteria is not met, r  to the 
value of a maximum total of 600,000 Konecranes shares, 
including the proportion to be paid in cash. The outcome for the measurement period 2022 was 11 percent, the outcome 
for the measurement period 2023 was 100 percent and 
the outcome for the measurement period 2024 was 100 
percent. As a result, the total outcome of the plan was 70 
percent. The rewards will be paid in 2025. 
2023–2025 Performance Share Plan (payable in 2026) 
The 2023–2025 plan has a three-year performance period 
from 2023 to 2025. The plan has two performance criteria: 
the cumulative comparable Earnings per Share (EPS) for 
the financial years 2023–2025 with a 60 percent weighting 
and the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for Sales for 
the financial years 2023–2025 with a 40 percent weighting. 
Items affecting comparability of the EPS include defined 
restructuring costs, mergers and acquisitions related 
transaction costs and other unusual items. The target group 
of the Plan consists of a maximum