 e largest shareholders and the Chair 
of the Board of Directors as an expert member. The Annual 
General Meeting decides on the remuneration paid to the 
members of the Board of Directors based on the proposal 
of the Nomination Board for one term at a time until the 
next Annual General Meeting. The representatives of the 
Board of Directors who are members of the Shareholders’ 
Nomination Board do not participate in the decision-making 
concerning the remuneration of the Board of Directors or 
committees.The Board of Directors decides on the CEO’s salary and 
other benefits based on the proposals of the People and 
Remuneration Committee. The short-term incentive is 
limited to a maximum amount corresponding to the annual 
base salary, and the long-term incentive opportunity is a 
maximum of twice the annual salary at the time of granting 
for each performance period. The CEO may be part of 
statutory and defined contribution supplementary pension 
plans.
The full Remuneration Policy  
Remuneration Report 5

ANNUAL REVIEW 2024Year 2024 Highlights 
Report of the Board of Directors
Financial Statements
Remuneration Report
Corporate Governance StatementREMUNERATION OF THE CEO 
The remuneration for the CEO consists of fixed and variable 
performance related pay. The remuneration includes a 
monetary salary, the right to car and telephone benefits, 
and a supplementary pension arrangement. Variable 
performance related pay includes short- and long-term 
performance-based incentive schemes. Performance 
bonuses are tied to financial and strategy implementation 
criteria. The earning period for the short-term performance 
bonus is the calendar year.
In 2024, the key performance indicators of the short-term 
incentive scheme (STI) focused on the Group’s financial 
and business targets. The terms and conditions of the plan 
2024 were partially fulfilled and the incentive bonus will be 
paid in 2025. 
The measures of the share-based long-term incentive plan 
(PSP) are total 