 the Annual Report for 2024. 
 
Remuneration of the B oard of Directors is not covered by this report. Such remuneration is resolved annually by the 
Annual General Meeting and disclosed in note 7 on page 66 in the Annual Report for 2024. 
 
KEY DEVELOPMENTS 202 4 
The CEO summarizes the company’s overall performance in his statement on page s 4-5 in the Annual Report for 2024. 
 
THE COMPANY’S REMUNERATION GUIDELINES: SCOPE, PURPOSE AND DEVIATIONS 
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long -term 
interests, including its sustainability, is that the company can recruit and retain highly competent senior executives with 
a capacity to achieve set goals . To this end, the company must offer competitive remuneration in market terms . The 
company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer senior executives a competitive total remuneration. 
 
Under the remuneration guidelines, executive remuneration shall be  ce with the guidelines is available on https://www.ascelia.com/corporate -
governance/general -meeting/. No r emuneration has been reclaimed. 
 
In addition to such remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the general meetings of the company have 
resolved to implement long -term share -related incentive programs . 
 
 
Table 1 – Total remuneration of the CEO in 2024 (TSEK) 
 
* Short -term variable remuneration refers to the 202 4 target achievement . 
**The amount for share -related incentive programs reflects the value of allotted ordinary shares in 202 4. The value of unpaid active share -based incentive programs is not included. 
 Name of 
director 
(position) Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration 
Extraordinary 
items Pension 
expense incl. 
insurance Total 
remuneration Proportion of 
fixed and 
variable 
remuneration Base salary Other 
benefits One-year Multi- year 
 Salary + 
holiday pay Company 
car etc. Short term 
variable pay * Share -related 
incentive 
pro ave been selected to support the company’s strategy 
and long- term goals. The performance criteria have been composed of both operational and financial criteria that 
overall support the long -term strategic direction and value creation of Ascelia Pharma. 
 
Table 4 – Outcome of the CEO ’s variable remuneration for 2024* 
In 202 4, the CEO was awarded 752 T SEK in variable remuneration based on fulfilment of performance criteria *. The 
weighting of each performance criteria and their individual degree of fulfilment are found in the table below. 
 
Performance criteria Relative weighting Degree of fulfilment * 
Development 60% 87% 
Financing and corporate 40% 
* Outcome of the CEO's variable remuneration refers to the 202 4 target fulfilment . 
 
COMPARATIVE INFORMATION ON THE CHANGE OF REMUNERATION AND COMPANY PERFORMANCE 
 
Table 5 – Remuneration and company performance in 2024 and 2023 
 
 2024 2023 
Remuneration to Magnus Corfitzen, CEO 3.9 MSEK* 3.8 MSEK* 
Operating Results for t