 rtant to have a clear 
link between the remuneration and performance of the members of 
the Executive Leadership Team. As the performance criteria used for 
the variable remuneration components are derived from the Forward 
’28 strategy and its strategic priorities, the outcome of the variable 
remuneration components is closely linked to the financial and non -
financial Group performance, business unit/ group function results 
and individual contributions. 
As part of the ambitions of our Forward ’28 strategy, we are 
committed to consistently generat ing and distribut ing capital to our 
shareholders. In 2024, Danske Bank generated a net profit of DKK 
23,629 million , which equals an increase of 11% compared to 2023 
and which is higher than the original outlook. The return on equity 
(RoE) increased by 0.7 percentage points to 13.4% in 2024 . In line 
with our ambitions, we distributed parts of our net profit to our 
shareholders by paying out an interim dividend of DKK 7.5 per sh  2024 Introduction Corporate governance and 
Remuneration Policy Remuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the Executive 
Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements Changes to the ELT 
remuneration model 
The Board of Directors assessed the short -term incentive (STI) 2024 
on the basis of a balanced mix of Group, business unit/ group function 
and individual performance criteria and targets determined before 
the beginning of the financial year. As a result of the Group’s strong 
financial and non -financial performance in 2024 a s well as his 
individual contributions, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be 
awarded a n STI of 170% of target , which equals 17% of his base 
salary for 2024. The other Executive Leadership Team members will 
on average be awarded a n STI of 168 % of target , which equals 17% of 
their base salary for 2024 on average . 
 
 
The long -term incentive (LTI) award granted in 2022 whose  from 1 July 2024 , which equals an 
increase of 6.5%. This off -cycle adjustment was made to further 
reflect the strategic importance of the CEO and the development of 
Danske Bank under his leadership. In addition, this increase is to 
bring his remuneration more in line with the remuneration of CEOs of 
Danske Bank’s most relevant peers. 
With the implementation of the updated remuneration model and the 
conversion of pension contributions into base salary, the calculation 
basis for the variable remuneration increased. This change led to an 
increase in total target remuneration by 3.45% for each member of 
the Executive Leadership Team with effect from 1 April 2024. As this 
leads to a higher share of variable remuneration in the total target 
remuneration, the Board of Directors finds this change is very well 
aligned with the pay -for-performanc e approach and the intentions of 
the Remuneration Policy. The CEO’s remuneration was not affected 
by this change as he did not recei nctions (not part 
of the Executive Leadership Team ) 
• The remuneration of high earners (not part of the Executive 
Leadership Team ) 
• Salary drift across the Group 
• Backtesting of deferred variable remuneration for the Executive 
Leadership Team and other material risk takers 
• Variable remuneration spent across the Group 
• Individual performance agreement for members of the Executive 
Leadership Team 
• Performance evaluation and remuneration of the individual 
members of the Executive Leadership Team 
• Incentive structure for the Group, including the accrual 
mechanisms for bonus pools 
• Adjustment of retired executives’ pension fund 
The remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Leadership Team for the financial year 202 4 was determined in 
accordance with the Group’s Remuneration Policy, which ensures an 
appropriate and competitive total remuneration package that has a 
clear link to the business strategy and aligns with shareholder and 
stakeholder int  Remuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the 
Executive Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
Variable remuneration 
Variable remuneration consists of a short -term incentive (STI) and a 
long -term incentive (LTI) and is mostly awarded in Danske Bank 
shares to strongly align the interests of the Executive Leadership 
Team and shareholders. The STI is structured to encourage members 
of the Executive Leadership Team to deliver on Danske Bank’s annual 
targets, whereas the LTI links remuneration to the capital market 
performance of Danske Bank and long -term value creation for its 
shareholders as well as supports the retention of the executives. The 
performance criteria used to measure performance in the STI and LTI 
address the core pillars of the Forward ’28 strategy and its strategic 
priorities. While in the STI performance is measured at the Group, 
business unit/ group function and individual level  of 
50% financial KPIs and 50% non -financial KPIs ( including 
strategic priorities) to holistically measure performance 
and success .

13 Danske Bank / Remuneration Report 2024 Introduction Changes to the ELT 
remuneration model Corporate governance and 
Remuneration Policy Remuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the 
Executive Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
On an annual basis, the Remuneration Committee undertakes the 
exercise of ensuring the STI performance criteria are aligned with 
Danske Bank’s Forward ’28 strategy and stakeholder interests. 
At the end of the year, the KPIs are evaluated against the targets. 
Financial targets are measured against results audited by Danske 
Bank’s external auditor. 
Return on equity is measured at the Group level against the 
budgeted target for the financial year. For 2024, the actual RoE was 
above target level , leading to an assessment abov e target . 
C creates a strong 
incentive to outperform the relevant peer s over the long term. 
As a key financial target for Danske Bank, the second performance 
criterion RoE shall set an incentive also in the LTI to deliver solid 
returns for shareholders in line with the Forward ’28 strategy . The 
RoE target is measured against the three -year average RoE . For the 
LTI award 2024 -2026 , the RoE target was derived from Danske 
Bank’s communicated financial targets . 
 Vesting of the LTI award 2024 -2026: relative TSR element (50% weighting) 
Absolute TSR rank 1-2 3 4 5-8 
% of LTI award vesting 50% 25% 12,5% 0%

15 Danske Bank / Remuneration Report 2024 Introduction Changes to the ELT 
remuneration model Corporate governance and 
Remuneration Policy Remuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the 
Executive Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
LTI award 2022 -2024 outcome 
The LTI award granted at the beginning of 202 emuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the Executive 
Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
The development of remuneration of the Board of Directors and 
the Executive Leadership Team over the past five financial years in 
comparison to the remuneration of employees of Danske Bank 
and the development of key performance indicators of Danske 
Bank Group are summarised in the following table s. For the 
purpose of easier comparison, the remuneration figures of the 
Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team have been 
annualised. 
CEO to employee pay ratio 
Comparing the CEO’s total remuneration and the average pay of 
the employees of Danske Bank A/S, the ratio for 2024 was 1: 29.9 
(2023: 1: 27.4). The increase in the ratio is caused by the increa se 
in the base salary of the CEO. 
 Development in remuneration and performance 
Development of annualised total remuneration of the Executive Leadersh  of the Executive Leadership Team 
Berit Behring 13.41 13.11 2% 11% 5% 6% 10% 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions (left ELT on 31 July 2023) 
Performance indicators2 
Return on equity Danske Bank Group (%) 13.43 12.70 6% n.a. n.a. 192% -73% 
Net profit Danske Bank Group (mDKK) 23,629 21,262 11% n.a. n.a. 182 % -70% 
Average remuneration of FTEs 
Employees Danske Bank A/S 0.73 0.73 0% 6% 0% 1% 5% 
1 For executives who have not been a member of the Executive Leadership Team for the full financial year, the remuneration has been annualised to enable comparison. Rounding discrepancies may occur because totals have 
been rounded off and the underlying decimals are not presented. Extraordinary variable remuneration has been excluded to enable co mparison (sign -on fees, relocation) . 
2 Changes in Net profit and RoE from 2022 to 2023 and 2021 to 2022 are not calculated due to transfer between positive and nega tive values.

26 Danske Bank / Remuneration Report 2024 Introduction Changes  mber of the Executive Leadership Team and the Board 
of Directo rs. 
• We verified that the information on remuneration provided in the 
remuneration report’s tables is in accordance with the 
Remuneration Policy, reporting practice for the remuneration 
report, agreements entered into, actual grants awarded, pay -
outs, vested amounts and other underlying documentation, 
including determination of the fair value of granted and vested 
share -based remuneration of the Executive Leadership Team, 
which we have rec onciled with the undertaking’s calculations 
and registrations hereof. 
• We reconciled the key figures and ratios disclosed in the 
remuneration report with financial highlights disclosed in the 
annual report for the financial year and other relevant financial 
information provided in the annual report for the financial year, 
and we recalculated, on a sample basis, the average 
remuneration based on f ull-time equivalents of employees other 
than members of the Executive Le