 ility are rewarded at 
Etteplan. This has generated a personnel remuneration policy that aligns with the interests of the Company and its stakeholders while engaging and motivating key personnel to act in line with shared goals. 
Etteplan’s main remuneration principles are 1) result-based and performance-based remuneration, 
2) transparent and uniform remuneration principles and scheme, 3) competitive overall pay level and 
4) increasing Company growth and value. The Company’s reward strategy emphasizes performance-based 
remuneration for the Company’s growth, success of its business operations, and engaging personnel.The same principles are observed in the remuneration practices of the CEO. However, compared to Etteplan personnel on average, variable remuneration components, i.e. an annual performance bonus and a long-term incentive plan reward, constitute a significant share of the CEO’s overall remuneration. This ensures 
maintaining a strong connection between the Company’s financi he Company’s financial performance and CEO remuneration. The 
Board of Directors decides on the structure and details of variable remuneration components annually. The annual performance bonus and long-term incentive plan reward typically constitute approximately half of 
the CEO’s overall remuneration. 
The General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration payable for Board and Committee work as well as 
the basis for its determination. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has been assigned the duty 
of preparing the remuneration of the Board. The Board of Directors shall decide on the remuneration of the 
CEO as well as other compensation payable to him/her. The remuneration principles for the Management 
Group are determined by the CEO in cooperation with the Board of Directors.
REMUNERATION AND THE FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
The development of Etteplan’s business operations has been consistent and in line with the Company’s strategy over the long term in recent years. erm in recent years. However, in the financial period 2024, the long-standing growth 
slowed down compared to previous financial periods, and the revenue did not grow as expected. Although 
the company has consistently developed its service offering and operations to support growth and efficiency, the market situation was simply weak. The market situation was mainly affected by high interest rates, 
geopolitical uncertainty, and the delay and scarcity of customer investments.
2

According to the Company’s Remuneration Policy the CEO’s remuneration is based on result and 
performance, and a significant part of the remuneration is constituted by variable remuneration components. 
As the result targets of incentive plans are linked to the result of the Company’s business operations, 
the CEO’s remuneration varies annually depending on the result of the annual performance bonus of the previous financial period as well as the result of the long-term incentive plan and the accrual of the rew  
The fixed annual salary is reviewed annually. The share of the variable remuneration components was 14,5 
percent of the CEO’s overall remuneration in the financial period of 2024.
The term of notice for the CEO is six months. In the event of dismissal, the CEO is at the most entitled to 
receive compensation equivalent to 18 months’ salary which includes the salary for a six-month term of notice. In the financial period of 2024, no additional accrual basis pension insurance policy was paid for the CEO.
Overall remuneration of the President and CEO in 2024 (EUR)
Variable remuneration components
Fixed annual salary 
(including taxable 
benefits)Annual 
performance bonus 
(accrued in 2023)Share-based incentive plan 
(accrued in 2023–2025) Total
President and CEO 464,717 78,795 543,512
Annual performance bonus
The annual performance bonus of the CEO is based on result targets which support the implementation of the Company’s strategy and which are determined by the Board of Directors an oard of Directors annually. These targets usually 
relate to key figures, e.g. operative growth and result objectives, or objectives supporting sustainability. The 
maximum amount of annual performance bonus is 100 percent of the annual salary. The annual performance bonus is always paid in cash after each one-year earning period in the financial period following the earning 
period.
In the financial period of 2024 the CEO received an annual performance bonus of EUR 78,795. The 
performance bonus was accrued in the financial period of 2023. The performance bonus was 17 percent 
out of the maximum amount. The proportion of the performance bonus was 100 percent of the variable remuneration components in the financial period of 2024.In the financial period of 2024 the structure of the annual performance bonus remained unchanged and the 
essential targets were updated. The possible bonus will be paid in the financial period of 2025.
Share-based incentive plan
The long-term remuneration of  erm remuneration of the CEO is based on a share-based incentive plan. The Board of Directors 
decides on the incentive plan in three year intervals, and it is based on the targets to promote the Company 
long-term financial performance, growth, increase in shareholder value as well as support sustainability. The 
purpose of the long-term incentive plan is to reward the creation of long-term shareholder value and the achievement of set strategic and financial targets. The objective of the program is to engage the CEO to the 
Company and align the interests of the CEO and shareholders. The potential reward of the plan will be paid 
in the financial period following the earning period.
The CEO belongs to a share-based incentive plan for the Group key personnel that was established by 
the Board of Directors on April 19, 2023. The plan includes one earning period comprising calendar years 2023-2025. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the key personnel   to the decision of the Board of Directors the rewards paid on the basis of the plan corresponded to the value of an approximate maximum total of 260,000 Etteplan 
Oyj shares (including also the proportion to be paid in cash). The reward was paid in April 2020, and the CEO 
received according to the plan a total reward of EUR 321,512, constituting 20,901 Company shares and a cash reward intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the reward. The proportion of the 
share-based incentive plan reward was 71 percent of the variable remuneration components in the financial 
period of 2020.
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024REMUNERATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND 
CEO 2020–2024 (1,000 EUR)
 Share-based incentive plan 
 Annual performance bonus
 Fixed annual salary (incl. taxable benefits)2,000
1,5001,000
500
0
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024100
80
604020
0ANNUAL REMUNERATION OF BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS 2020–2024 (1,000 EUR)
 Chairman of the Board
 Member of the Board
6