 & CEO. 
This Remuneration Report discloses the remuneration of the members of the Company’s Board of Directors and the Presi-
dent & CEO for the preceding financial year and compares the development of the average remuneration of Honkara-
kenne’s employees and of the Company’s financial performance to the development of the fees paid to the Company’s gov-
erning bodies. This Remuneration Report describes how the Remuneration Policy has been implemented over the preced-
ing financial year. 
The remuneration of Honkarakenne is based on the following main principles presented in the Remuneration Policy: 
 The opportunity for overall remuneration must be sufficiently competitive in relation to the market level. 
 Performance-based incentives form part of the CEO’s remuneration potential. 
 Some of the performance-based incentives emphasize long-termism, being linked to shareholder value develop-
ment and the company’s strategy. 
 
Deviations from the Remuneration Policy and exercise of  s. 
 
The maximum rewards payable to the CEO from the 2024-2026 plan correspond to 45,000 Honkarakenne Oyj's series B 
shares, some of which may be paid in cash to cover the tax consequences of receiving the shares. 
 
The Equity Incentive Plan 2024-2026 has one earning period, and the rewards for the earning period were based on the 
Group's revenue and operating profit (EBIT). Based on the current assessment of the senior management, no rewards to be 
allocated to profit will be generated from the earning period 2024-2026 of the plan. 
 
Pension plan 
The President & CEO’s pension cover has been organized with statutory pension cover that is based on length of service 
and earnings. The President & CEO’s retirement age is determined by the Employees Pensions Act. 
As part of the President & CEO’s overall remuneration, supplementary pension cover of one month’s salary was offered in 
addition to statutory cover. Supplementary pension cover was implemented as defined contribution plan.