 tion to the time commitment required from 
the Board members and be competitive to attract and retain profes -
sionals with strong expertise and knowledge relevant in conducting the 
Board’s responsibilities, such as establishment of strategic and financial 
directions and monitoring their implementation. Thereby, the principles 
of remuneration contribute to the Company’s long-term financial perfor -
mance and success. The remuneration of the Board members during the 
financial year 2024 consisted of annual compensation and meeting fees 
paid for each meeting attended as approved by the AGM.
According to the Remuneration Policy, the remuneration principles 
applied to the President and CEO contribute towards creating share -
holder value through competitive remuneration based on performance 
and linking remuneration to the business strategy. Total remuneration 
shall be in line with the market practices in corresponding global indus -
tries to ensure motivation and engagement. The Pre  engagement. The President and CEO’s 
remuneration during the financial year 2024 consisted of a non-variable 
annual base salary, benefits and performance-based short-term incentive 
plan. The Company also focused on shareholder value creation by 
aligning the interests of the President and CEO with those of the share -
holders through share-based long-term incentive plans.
Shareholders’ views and positions on remuneration are constantly 
followed and potential amendments in remuneration principles and prac -
tices as well as relative disclosures are made. External service providers 
are engaged by the Company for monitoring and securing market prac -
tice alignment for remuneration.
2 
HUHTAMAKI 2024Overview
Financials
Governance
Corporate Governance Statement
Remuneration Report 2024
Introduction
Board of Directors
President and CEO

Development of remuneration over 
the past five financial years
During the past five financial years the Company’s net sales has increased 
with 25%. I enefits includes cash payments for 
pension.
2 Short-term incentives are presented in the table on the year they have been 
paid. The total amount of remuneration includes remuneration paid under the 
short-term incentive plan 2023.
3 Share-based incentives are presented in the table on the year they have been 
paid. The total amount of remuneration includes gross payment made under 
the Performance Share Plan 2021–2023. Applicable taxes and tax-like charges 
have been withheld from the gross reward and thus, the net amount of shares 
delivered to the President and CEO in March 2024 was 34,349.
The remuneration of the President and CEO in the financial year 2024 
consisted of a non-variable annual base salary, variable short-term 
incentive plan as well as long-term share-based incentive plans of the 
Company. Additionally, the President and CEO had the following benefits:
• Car benefit
• Housing benefit
• Support for child’s education
• Support for insurance premiums.
The Company cont rnance Statement
Remuneration Report 2024
Introduction
Board of Directors
President and CEO

Long-term incentive and other share-based remuneration grants
President and CEO has been granted shares under the following ongoing long-term incentive plans.
Long-term incentive planMaximum earning 
opportunity 
(gross shares)Performance 
measurePay-out 
yearAchievement
(% of maximum)Share price at 
delivery (EUR)Achievement 
(gross shares)
Performance Share Plan 2021–2023 62,000
Adjusted EPS2024 86.05% 38.8614 53,351
Performance Share Plan 2022–2024 62,000 2025In accordance with the T erms and Conditions of 
Huhtamäki Oyj Performance Share Agreement 
2010, the Board of Directors has decided to 
grant 24,800 shares1 as part of a severance 
payment2 to the President and CEO
1Shares will be paid in March 2025. The number of shares represents the gross number of shares. Applicable taxes are withheld from the gross reward.
2In accordance with President and CEO’s Service Agreement, the President an