 ually by the annual general meeting and disclosed in note 4 on page 34-36 in the annual report 2023. Development in 2024 The CEO summarizes the company’s overall performance in his statement on pages 7 in the annual report 2024. The company’s remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and deviations A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests, including its sustainability, is that the company can recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end, the company must offer competitive remuneration. The company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer executives a competitive total remuneration. Under the remuneration guidelines, executive remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to financial or non-financial criteria. They ma al criteria. They may be individualized, quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed to contribute to the company’s business strategy and long-term interests, including its sustainability, by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive’s long-term development. The guidelines are found on www.ibtherapeutics.com/investors/corporate-governance/. The auditor’s report regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines is available on www.ibtherapeutics.com/investors/corporate-governance. No remuneration has been reclaimed. In addition to remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the annual general meetings of the company have resolved to implement long-term share-related incentive plans.

Table 1a – Total CEO remuneration in 2024 (kSEK) Name of director (position) 1 Fixed remuneration 2 Variable remuneration 3 4 5 Base salary Other benefits One-year variable Pension expense* Total remuneration Proportion of fix