  -related or share price -related remuneration. 
Fixed remuneration 
Each senior executive shall be offered a fixed remuneration in line 
with market conditions and based on the senior executive’s 
responsibility, expertise and performance. 
Variable remuneration 
Variable remuneration may comprise of annual variable cash salary 
and long -term variable pay in the form of cash. Variable 
remuneration shall be subject to the fulfilment of defined and 
measurable targets. 60 per cent of the variable remuneration is 
based on financial performance decided by the Board of Directors 
based on the Company’s financial targets and 40 per cent of the 
variable remuneration is based on non -financial performance 
activities decided by Board of Directors to achieve the financial 
targets and the overall targets of the Company. This creates 
incentives to promote the Company’s business strategy, long -term 
interests and sustainability . 
 The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash 
r ing variable cash 
remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The 
variable cash remuneration for the CEO may amount to not more 
than 100 percent of the total fixed annual salary and the variable 
cash remuneration for the other senior executives may amount to 
not more than 75 percent of the total fixed annual salary. Variable 
cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless 
otherwise provided by mandatory collective agreement provisions. 
 To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash 
remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined 
when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration 
committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns 
variable remuner ation to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to 
other executives, the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For 
financial objectives, the evaluation shall be based on the latest 
financial information made public by the Company. 
 In special cases, agre ayments for any restrictions on competition, shall in 
aggregate not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed 
remuneration for 12 months for the CEO and no more than 12 
months for ot her senior executives. No severance pay shall be paid 
in the case of termination by the employee .

2 Remuneration to senior executives 
The following table presents the remuneration paid to the senior executives in 20 24, in MSEK. 
 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 
 Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration 
Name of director Base salary Other 
benefits* One-year 
variable Multi -year 
variable *** Extraordinary 
items Pension 
expenses ** Total 
remuneration Proportion of 
fixed and 
variable 
remuneration ** 
Pontus Bodelsson 
(President and CEO ) 6.8 0.3 6.4 - - 2.1 
 15.6 59/41 
 
*Company car and cellphone 
**Pension expense, which in its entirety related to base salary and is premium defined, has been counted entirely as fixed remuneration. 
***LTIP 2023 and LTIP 2024 are in vesting period s. No performance shares h ria 
The performance measures for the CEO’s variable remuneration 
have been selected to deliver the company’s strategy and to 
encourage behaviour which is in the long -term interest of the 
company. 
 In the selection of performance measures, the strategic 
objectives and short -term and long -term business priorities for 202 4 
have been taken into account. The non -financial performance 
measures further contribute to alignment with sustainability as well 
as the company values. 
 The criteria for obtaining bonus are agreed between the CEO 
and the Board of Directors and is depending on fulfilment of specific goals. 
The variable remuneration is based on a relative weighting of the 
performance criteria with a combination of company goals and 
individual goals. The relative weighting is 60% company targets that 
applies for all employees and 40% individual targets . The 60% of the 
variable remuneration is based on specific financial goals for the 
relevant year and 40% of the bonu  and 40% of the bonus is based on non-financial 
targets and individual targets for the CEO and calculated from the 
actual paid out basic salary of the CEO. The non-financial and 
individual targets for the CEO for 202 4 are listed in the table below:

3 Performance of the CEO in the reported financial year: variable cash remuneration 
Name of director 
(position) 1 
Description of the criteria 
related to the remuneration 
component 2 
Individual targets 3 
Relative weighting of the 
performance criteria 4 
Measured performance 
outcome 
 
Pontus Bodelsson 
(President and CEO ) 
 Achievement of synergies 
from the Acceleration Initiative Individual target 1/3 110% 
Achievement of synergies 
from the Region South 
integration Individual target 1/3 100% 
Achievement of sales of 
AI solutions Individual target 1/3 80% 
 
Performance of the CEO in the reported financial year: share -based incentives 
Name of plan Description of the criteria related to the 
remuneration component Relative