 an 
be found in Note 7 (Personnel and remuneration) on pages 81–82 of the 2024 Annual Report. Information on the work of the remuneration committee in 2024 can be found in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 60–64 of the 2024 Annual Report.
Directors' fees are not covered by this report. Such fees are 
resolved annually by the AGM and are disclosed in Note 7 on page 82 of the 2024 Annual Report. Developments in 2024The Chief Executive summarises the overall performance of the company in his statement on pages 7–8 of the 2024 Annual Report.
Company remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and 
derogations
In order to successfully implement its business strategy and safeguard its long-term interests, including its sustainability, the company must be able to recruit and retain qualified employees. To this end, the company must offer competitive remuneration. The company’s remuneration guidelines make it possible to offer senior executives a competitive remuneration package. Accord-ing  package. Accord-ing to the remuneration guidelines, the remuneration for senior executives shall be market-based and may consist of the follow-ing components: fixed remuneration, short-term and long-term variable remuneration, share and share price-related incentive programmes, pension, and other benefits. The variable cash remu-neration shall be linked to financial or non-financial criteria. These criteria may also be personalised, quantitative, or qualitative objec-tives. The criteria should be designed to promote the company's business strategy and long-term interests, including its sustaina-bility, by, for example, having a clear link to the business strategy or promoting the long-term development of the executive.
The guidelines can be found on pages 48–49 of the 2024 Annual 
Report. In 2024, the Company complied with the applicable 
remuneration guidelines adopted by the General Meeting. There 
have been no deviations from the guidelines and no derogations from the decision-maki om the decision-making process that the guidelines require to determine the remuneration. The auditor's opinion on the company's compliance with the guidelines is available at https://www.rottneros.com/sv/bolagsstyrning/bolagsstamma/. No remuneration has been reclaimed.
Application of performance criteria 
The performance criteria for the Chief Executive Officer’s variable remuneration have been chosen to realise the company’s strategy and to encourage behaviour that is in the long-term interest of the company. The selection of performance criteria has taken into account the strategic objectives and short- and long-term business priorities for 2024. The non-financial performance criteria further contribute to alignment with both sustainability and company values.
COMPARATIVE INFORMATION: CHANGES IN 
REMUNERATION AND COMPANY PERFORMANCE 
CHANGES IN REMUNERATION AND COMPANY PERFORMANCE 
OVER THE LAST FIVE REPORTED FINANCIAL YEARSTOTAL REMUNERATION TO THE CEO IN 2024 (KSEK)*
1 Fixed remun KSEK)*
1 Fixed remuneration 2 Variable remuneration 3 4 5 6
Name of the executive 
(position) Basic salary**Other 
 benefits*** Annual* Multi-year*Extraordinary 
itemsPension 
expensesTotal 
remunerationShare of fixed 
and variable 
remuneration****
Lennart Eberleh (CEO) 3,679 241 0 0 0 1,341 5,261 100/0
PERFORMANCE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER DURING THE REPORTED FINANCIAL YEAR: VARIABLE CASH REMUNERATION
Name of the executive (position)1 Description of criteria related to 
remuneration component2 Relative weighting of 
performance criteria (%) 3 Measured performance (%)4 actual allocation / 
remuneration outcome
Lennart Eberleh (CEO)EBIT 30
00 KSEK
Production 40 0 KSEK
Fixed costs 30 0 KSEK* V ariable remuneration is not payable for the 2024 
financial year. Rottneros has no programmes clas -
sified under multi-year variable remuneration.** Including holiday pay o
f 71 KSEK
*** Car benefit**** 
 P
ension costs (column 4), which relate to basic salary (which is defined contribution)