  available in Note 8 (Employees 
and personnel costs) on pages 88 -89 of the annual report for the 2024 financial year (the “Annual Report ”). 
Information on the work of the Remuneration Committee during the 2024 financial year is available in the 
Corporate Governance Report on pages 72 -75 of the Annual Report. 
The remuneration of Board Members is not covered in this report. Such remuneration is determined 
annually by the Annual General Meeting and is disclosed in Note 8 of the Annual Report. 
The year in brief 
The CEO summarizes the Company ’s performance in his statement on pages 8 -9 of the Annual Report.

Page 2 of 5 
 SBB’s Remuneration Guidelines: scope, purpose and deviations 
The Board deems it to be critical to a successful implementation of the Company ’s business strategy and 
the safeguarding of the Company ’s long -term interests, including its sustainability, the Company ’s ability 
to recruit and retain senior executives with expertise and capacity to achieve set g ity to achieve set goals. For this, it is 
required that the Company can offer competitive overall remuneration that motivates senior executives 
to perform at their best . SBB’s Remuneration Guidelines allow the Company to offer senior exe cutives a 
competitive total remuneration package. According to SBB ’s Remuneration Guidelines, the remuneration 
of senior executives shall be in line with market conditions and may comprise the following remuneration 
components: fixed basic salary, variable remuneration, pension and certain other benefits. Variable 
remuner ation covered by the remuneration guidelines shall be based on criteria that aim to promote the 
Company ’s business strategy and long -term interests, including its sustainability. In 2024, t he total 
remuneration of the CEO and the Deputy CEOs adhered to the Company ’s Remuneration Guidelines. 
The Remuneration Guidelines adopted by the 2024 Annual General Meeting are presented on pages 73 -
74 of the Annual Report. No devi xecutives well balanced. The Remuneration Guidelines have been applied correctly, 
without deviation and have served their purpose. Current remuneration structures and levels for the CEO, 
as well as other senior executives, are reasonable. 
Information on shareholder voting 
The Remuneration Report for the 2023 financial year was presented for approval by the 2024 Annual 
General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for the 2023 financial year was approved. No comments were 
lodged by shareholders when the Annual General Meeting con sidered the Remuneration Report for the 
2023 financial year. Accordingly, the Remuneration Guidelines were not reviewed based on any 
comments from shareholders. 
Table 3 
Change in remuneration and the Company ’s performance over the past financial year (SEK thousand) 
 Information regarding 
2024 Information 
regarding 2023 Information 
regarding 2022 Information regarding 
2021 
Remuneration of senior executives 
Leiv Synnes 
(CEO) 11,747 (8,043; 217%) 3,7