 excluded from 
these guidelines. 
 
Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the 
company’s business strategy and long -term interests, including its sustainability. 
 
Types of remuneration, etc. 
The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: 
fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. 
Additionally, the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on, 
among other things, share -related or share price -related remuneration.

2(4) 
 
The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over 
one or several years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 
200 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
 
Pension entitlements for senior executives shall apply from the age of 60 years at the 
earliest. For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance ( Sw. sjukförsäkring ), 
shall be pr ring ), 
shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension 
benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more 
than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives, pension 
benefits, including health insurance, shall be premium defined unless the individu al 
concerned is subject to a defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement 
provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent 
required by applicable mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums 
for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual 
cash salary. 
 
Other benefits may include, for example, life insurance, medical insurance ( Sw: 
sjukvårdsförsäkring ) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 
10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
 
For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, duly adjust