 ctive country . 
Performance measures and weighting 
Base salary is adjusted considering the factors set out under opportunity levels above, the executive’s 
performance as well as their future potential . 
Variable compensation – Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) 
Purpose and link to strategy 
We designed our AIP to reward EC members for the Group’s results, the results of their business area or 
corporate function and their individual performance over a time horizon of one yea r, in alignment with our 
Annual Performance Plan approved by the Board .

ABB COMPENSATION REPORT 2024 21 
 
 Opportunity levels 
The AIP opportunity levels for the EC are 100 percent of base salary at target with a maximum opportunity of 150 
percent. 
Performance measures and weighting 
We structured t he AIP to incentivize operational delivery and underpin our performance culture. As such, it is 
focused on our annual key priorities, with a maximum of six measures. 
• A collaborative Group financial measure with  r the year 2024, which will be paid in 2025 , after the publication of ABB’s 
financial results. Short -term variable compensation is linked to the targets and goals defined in each EC member’s Annual 
Incentive Plan. 
 
COMPENSATION MIX 
The ratio of fixed to variable compensation in any given year depends on the performance of the Company and 
individual EC members against predefined performance targets. 
In Exhibit 5 in the section “ At a glance” we show the composition of the total annual compensation in 2024 for 
the CEO and for the other current EC members on an aggregate level, specifying the split of its five 
compensation components.

26 ABB COMPENSATION REPORT 2024 
 
 In 2024, the variable compensation of the CEO was 66 percent of his total annual compensation (previous year: 
55 percent). The compensation for Morten Wierod in his former role as business area president Electrification 
(until July 31, 2024) is included under the CEO compensation. For the other EC members, th