 he guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved by the general meeting. For employments governed by rules other than Swedish rules, pension benefits and other benefits may be duly 
adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account to the 
extent possible the overall purpose of these guidelines. The provisions regarding the Company also 
apply, where appropriate, to the group. 
 
The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy, long -term interests and 
sustainability 
 A successful implementation of the Company's business strategy and the safeguarding of the Company's long- term interests, including its sustainability, requires that the Company can recruit and 
retain qualified employees. This requires that AddLife offers competitive total remuneration, which 
these guidelines enable. The total remuneration shall be market- based and competitive and be in 
relation to responsibilities and authorisations. 
 
Types of remuneration or the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives, or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual ’s ordinary duties. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount 
corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed annual salary and may not be paid more than once per year and per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the board of director s on a 
proposal from the remuneration committee. 
 Pension 
 
For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance, shall be defined contribution with 
premiums not exceeding 30 per cent of the fixed annual salary. For other senior executives, pension benefits, including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring), shall be defined contribution unless the

This is a translation of the Swedish original. In case of any discrepancies between this 
translation and the Swedish original, the latter shall prevail. 
 
 
 3 / 11 
 
executive is subject to a defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement  ollective agreement provisions. 
Premiums for defined contribution pension are to be in the form of the Swedish alternative ITP plan, according to a "premium ladder" as stated in AddLife's p ension policy, or not exceed 30 per cent of 
the fixed annual salary . 
 Variable salary shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the senior executive (applies to Sweden and defined contribution pension). 
 Other benefits 
 Other benefits, which may include, for example, company car, travel benefits and health insurance, 
shall be on market terms and only constitute a limited part of the total remuneration. Premiums and 
other costs associated with such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the fixed 
annual salary. 
 
Termination of employment 
 
For the CEO and other senior executives, the notice period shall be 6 months in case of termination by the senior executive. In case of termination by the Company, th