 is resolved 
annually by the a nnual general meeting and disclosed on pag es 87 and 89 in the annual report 2024 . 
 
Company performance in 202 4 
The CEO summari ses the Group’s overall result in his statement on page 8 of the annual report 
2024 . 
 
Application of the remuneration guidelines in 202 4 
Under the remuneration guidelines, remuneration of executive management shall be market 
competitive and shall consist of a balanced combination of the following components: fixed 
remuneration, variable remuneration, pension , and other benefits. The remuneration guidelines, 
adopted by the annual general meeting 202 2, can be accessed at www.alimakgroup.com. A 
summary of the guidelines can be found on pages 42-44 and in note 7 in the annual report 202 4. 
During 2024 , the remuneration guidelines have been applied without deviation, including the 
procedure for determining remuneration. 
No remuneration has been recovered by the company during the fiscal year. 
In addition to remun In addition to remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the annual general meetings of 
Alimak Group AB have for a number of years resolved to implement share- based incentive 
programmes. 
The company’s auditor will issue a statement on compliance with the remuneration guidelines . The 
statement will be provided on the company’s website along with other documents relating to the 
annual general meeting 2025 . 
 
Total remuneration of the CEO 
Table 1 below outlines the CEO ’s total remuneration for 2024 (KSEK)

Performance criteria for variable remuneration 
The variable remuneration for the CEO may be up to 70% of the base salary. The performance criteria 
for the CEO’s variable remuneration have been selected to contribute to the company’s long term and 
sustainable development. In 2024 , the criteria were linked to Group’s Earnings Per Share ( 90%) and 
sustainability targets relating to the mapping of the Group’s emissions and its commitment to set climate 
targets in