 reclaimed. 
The auditor’s report regarding whether the Company has complied with the remuneration 
guidelines is available on the Company’s website www.alleima.com. 
In addition to remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the Company´s Annual 
General Meetings have resolved to implement long -term share -related incentive programs. 
Remuneration Committee’s evaluation of remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee considers that the remuneration guidelines adopted by the Annual 
General Meeting on 2 May 2023 have worked well and that the purpose of the guidelines has 
been achieved. Moreover, the Committee considers the Company’s remuneratio n structures and 
remuneration levels to be balanced and on market terms. 
Total remuneration of the President 
The table below sets out total remuneration to the Company’s President relating to 202 4.

3 / 6 
Share and share price related incentive programs 
The Annual General Meetings in 202 3–2024 adopted a long -term share -related inc m share -related incentive program 
(“LTI”), for each of the respective year , for 30 senior executives and key individuals in the Alleima 
Group, divided into three categories. For all participants, a personal investment in Alleima shares 
is required in each separate program . Each acquired Alleima share entitles the participant to be 
allotted, after a period of three years, a certain number of Alleima shares free of charge (so called 
performance shares ), provided that certain performance targets are met and subject to continuous 
employment and all acquired shares being held during the three -year period. The number of 
performance shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired i nvestment 
share is dependent on the development of the Alleima Group’s (i) adjusted earnings per share, 
excluding (a) metal price effects and (b) items affecting comparability (IAC) (“adjusted EPS”) and 
(ii) reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2). The two targe ts (adjusted EPS a e ts (adjusted EPS and CO2 emission) are 
weighted among themselves at 90 and 10 percent, respectively, and added together to determine 
the total target fulfilment. The achievement of the adjusted EPS target is measured separately for 
each of the three performance years of an incentive program, with each year corresponding to 
one-third of the target achievement. When the program concludes after three years, the result s of 
the three years are combined to calculate the total three -year achievement for adjusted E PS. The 
distribution of performance shares to participants is based on this total achievement, which covers 
the entire three -year period. After three years, 2023 -2025 and 2024 -2026, respectively, the 
outcome for LTI 2023 and LTI 2024 is determined . 
For information on the number of performance shares encompassed by the two ongoing 
program s, see Note 3 on pag e 53 of the Annual Report 202 4. 
The table below sets out variable share -related remuneration to the Compa eration to the Company’s President relating 
to 202 4.

4 / 6 
 
Variable short -term cash remuneration 
Variable short -term cash remuneration is conditional upon the fulfilment of defined and 
measurable criteria. At the beginning of each year, the Remuneration Committee proposes and 
the Board of Directors approves the criteria, including key performance indi cators (KPIs) and the 
target ranges, deemed relevant for the upcoming measurement period. At least 80 percent of the 
variable cash remuneration shall be linked to financial criteria. 
The performance criteria for the President and CEO’s short -term variable remuneration aims at 
promoting the Company’s business strategy and performance as well as its long -term interests, 
including its sustainability. Set out in the table below is a descri ption of how the criteria for 
payment of variable short -term remuneration to the President have been applied during the 
financial year.

5 / 6 
 
Variable long -term cash remuneration 
  cash remuneration 
As regards the forfeited right to performance shares from the Sandvik Long Term Incentive 
program 2021, a decision was taken by Alleima’s Board of Directors to implement a program to 
compensate participants with a cash amount corresponding to the value of the forfeited shares. 
Payment of the amount w as made in May 2024, when the Sandvik progra m ended. 
During 2022, the Board of Directors has resolved on the implementation of a long -term variable 
cash program (LTI 2022), in which the President and CEO, the other senior executives in the 
group executive management team and an additional 35 employees within the group participate. 
As regards to the President and CEO, the value is max imum 75 percent of the fixed annual cash 
salary. The program period is three years and payment require s continuous employment in 
Alleima during a three -year period until the end o f 2024, and that the group during 2022 achieves 
a measurable financial criterion linked to adjust