 nterests, including its sustainability. 
Forms of remuneration 
Remuneration shall be market -based and may include the following components: fixed cash salary, 
variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. In addition, the shareholders’ 
meeting may – and independently of these guidelines – make decis ions regarding, for example, share -
based and share -price related remuneration. 
The fulfilment of criteria for the payment of variable cash remuneration must be measurable over a 
period of one year. The variable cash remuneration shall not exceed 50 per cent of the fixed annual 
cash salary. 
For the CEO, pension benefits, excluding health insurance and waiver of premium benefit, shall be 
defined -contribution. Variable cash remuneration shall not be pensionable. Pension premiums for 
defined -contribution pensions shall not exceed 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other

2 
 senior executives, pension benefits, shall be defined -contribution unles  -contribution unless the executive is covered by 
a defined -benefit pension according to applicable collective agreement provisions. Variable cash 
remuneration shall not be pensionable. Pension premiums f or defined -contribution pensions shall not 
exceed 25 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
Additional variable cash remuneration may be paid during extraordinary circumstances, provided 
such extraordinary arrangements are only made on an individual basis to recruit or maintain senior 
executives, or as a compensation for extraordinary efforts in addition to the individual’s normal tasks. 
Such remuneration cannot exceed a total sum of 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Decision 
regarding such remuneration is made by the board of directors by proposal from the remuneration 
committee. 
Other forms of remuneration can include life insurance, medical insurance and car benefit for 
example. Premiums and other costs as a result of such benefits may only add up to 10 p