 l, and remuneration is aimed 
at supporting the Company’s long-term financial success.
The remuneration of an external Board member is arranged separately 
from the remuneration schemes applicable to the Company’s CEO or 
personnel. The remuneration of the CEO mainly follows the principles 
applied in the remuneration of other employees, but the demands and 
responsibility associated with the CEO’s duties, which affect the fixed and 
variable remuneration as well as fringe benefits and pension benefits, are 
taken into consideration.
The following table shows the development of the remuneration of 
the Supervisory Board, the Board of Directors and the CEO compared to 
the development of the average remuneration of all Group employees 
and the Group’s financial performance during the last five financial years. 
Short-term and long-term variable remuneration (performance bonus 
and share-based commitment and incentive schemes) are included in the 
reporting in the year when the remunerat  key terms applicable to the CEO’s service 
are defined in the CEO’s service contract. The CEO’s retirement age 
is 63 years and the period of notice is 12 months. The CEO has no 
defined benefit pension.
In the financial year 2024, the CEO was paid remuneration for his 
services as follows. Short-term and long-term variable remuneration 
(performance bonus and share-based commitment and incentive 
schemes) are included in the reporting in the year when the remunera -
tion is irrevocably earned. Other than that, the figures are presented on 
an accrual basis. When the performance criteria are fully met, the CEO 
may earn, from the share-based schemes granted in 2023, up to 13,000 
shares as well as cash remuneration corresponding to the same number 
of shares.EUR 1,000 1–12/2024 1–12/2023
Lasse Aho, 
Chair of the Board of Directors 62 54
Niko Simula, The Deputy Chair of the 
Board of Directors43 35
Heli Arantola, member of the Board 
of Directors since 18 April 202425 0
Tero Hemmilä, m 25 0
Tero Hemmilä, member of the Board 
of Directors until 18 April 2024 10 19
Annikka Hurme, member of the Board 
of Directors 36 30
Antti Korpiniemi, member of the Board 
of Directors 37 27
Kati Sulin, member of the Board 
of Directors 37 28
The Board of Directors, total 252 1934. Description of the remuneration of the CEO
The remuneration of the CEO consists of a combination of fixed remune -
ration components (monetary salary, fringe benefits and supplementary 
defined contribution pension benefit) and short-term and long-term 
variable remuneration components (performance related compensation). 
The performance indicator for the short-term annual performance related 
compensation has been the Group’s profitability. The maximum amount 
of the short-term performance related compensation was 50 per cent of 
the annual salary and it will be paid in cash. Long-term incentive schemes 
are share-based schemes, in which remuneration, if any, is paid as a 
combination of shares and cash. T