 24. 
 
Key developments 2024 
The CEO summarizes the company's overall results in his statement on page 6 -7 of the Annual Report 
2024. Further information on the significant events for the year can be found on pages 3 8-43 of the 
Annual Report for 2024. 
 
The company’s remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and deviations 
Successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and the safeguarding of the company’s 
long -term interests, including sustainability, presupposes that the company can recruit and retain 
qualified employees. AQ Group shall therefore have the remuneration levels and terms of employment 
required to ensure the company’s access to executives with the necessary competence and capacity 
to achieve set goals and costs adapted to the company. AQ Group shall maintain the remuneration 
levels and other emplo yment conditions to ensure that the company can recruit and retain the 
necessary executives to reach long - and short -term goals, to support the busi  to support the business strategy and 
contributes to sustainability . The remuneration may consist of the following components: fixed salary, 
variable remuneration, pension and other benefit s and share and share -price related incentive 
programs . Where variable remuneration is offered, they shall have a fixed ceiling amount and be linked 
to predetermined and clearly set measurable ta rget criteria with the aim of promoting the company's 
business strategy, sustainability and long -term value creation. All share and share -price related 
incentive programs should be decided by the AGM. The guidelines can be found on page 3 5 of the 
Annual Report for 2024 and on the company's website Remuneration Senior Executives . 
In 2024, the Company followed the applicable remuneration guidelines for the CEO adopted by the 
General Meeting. No deviations from the guidelines have been made and no deviations have been 
made from the decision -making process to be applied in order to determine t order to determine the remuneration. The 
auditor's opinion on the company's compliance with the guidelines is available on the company's 
website www.aqgroup.com/Annual General Meeting . No compensation has been claimed back.

Remuneration to the C EO 
Remuneration to the CEO consists of fixed elements (base salary, benefits, insurance, pension) that 
provide a basic level of remuneration for the reliable and consistent implementation of the AQ Group 
operating strategy and enable the CEO to concentrate on performing his duties. Variable parts of the 
remuneration (incentive program/bonus) emphasize performance -based remuneration and focus on 
the achievement of both the short - and long -term goals of AQ Group. Through the warrant -based 
incentive program the r eward is tied to the company’s future development of results and value 
creation. 
 
Table 1 - Total remuneration to the CEO 2024 (SEK thousands ) 
 
 
 
Basic salary refers to the annual fixed salary including holiday pay.  luding holiday pay. 
Variable remuneration refers to annual bonuses whose outcome is based on target fulfilment of profit 
margin before tax (EBT) % and inventory turnover for the Group as a whole during the year. The 
variable bonus compensation is capped at 100% of the annual base salary. 
Benefits to the CEO consist of health benefits . Compensation for pensions includes the cost of health 
insurance and is capped maximized to 30% of base salary . Pensions have been fully recognised as fixed 
remuneration. 
 
Remuneration to the CEO from 2024 not yet paid 
The variable remuneration for 2024 is paid after the 2024 financial year is closed and audited . 
 
Share based remuneration 
Outstanding and completed share and share -price related incentive programs 
The Annual General Meeting of 2022 resolved to introduce a long -term incentive program for the 
managing director, senior executives and other key personnel (not the board) in the Group consisting 
of a directed new issue of maxim ny's strategy and to encourage actions that are in the company's long -term interest. When 
selecting performance criteria, the strategic goals and short - and l ong-term business priorities for 2024 
have been taken into account. Living up to the company's core values and contributing to increased 
sustainability of the business is an inherent expectation of the CEO, which is not specifically expressed 
as a non -financial performance criterion. 
 
Table 3 - CEO's performance during the reported financial year: variable cash remuneration (SEK 
thousands ) 
 
 
Comparative information on the change of remuneration and company performance 
The table below illustrates and compares the development of the CEO's remuneration with the 
development of the average remuneration to employees and the company's profit before tax (EBT). 
 
Opening 
balance
Specification 
of planPerformance 
periodAward date Vesting date End of 
retention 
periodExercise 
periodExercise price 
of the share 
(SEK) Wa 0% Under max level / 3.0 193Measured performance / actual award, 
remuneration
outcome (TSEK)

Table 4 - Change of remuneration and company performance over the last five reported financial 
years 
 
In August 2018, a new CEO was appointed who then left his position on March 31, 2021, when the 
current CEO joined . 
 
_____________ 
AQ Group AB, March 26, 2025 
 
The Board of directors 
Change Change Change Change Change Actual
Remuneration and company performance 2020 vs 2019 2021 vs 2020 2022 vs 2021 2023 vs 2022 2024 vs 2023 2024
CEO, total remuneration +16.8% +17.8% -43.8% +59.7% +8.8% 5,659 TSEK
Consolidated earnings before taxt (EBT) % +22.2% +5.2% -16.0% +23.5% +14.3% 9.6%
Average remuneration on a full time equivalent basis of 
employees in the Group, excl board, CEO and executive 
officers, change in % +2.3% +6.7% +11.7% +15.4% +3.4%