 .2 Overall company 
performance 2024
In April 2024, the Company completed a 
Righst Issue with gross proceeds of DKK 
172.4 million.
Business performance for short- and 
long-term incentive was significantly lower 
than the initial overall expectations for the 
year, including external guidance related to 
revenue and EBIT . 
The remuneration of the Executive Manage -
ment follows the Remuneration Policy, and the 
earning of cash bonus and the granted 
share-based remuneration have been factually 
based on the realization of the agreed Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs).5
Aquaporin Remuneration Report 2024 01 Introduction

02
Remuneration of the 
Board of Directors2.1 Board of Directors 7
2.2 Remuneration 7
2.3 Shareholdings of the Board of Directors 96 Aquaporin Remuneration Report 2024 02 Remuneration of the Board of Directors

Fixed annual board fees
(DKK 1,000)Remuneration of 
the Board of Directors
2.1 Board of Directors
As of December 31, 2024, the Board of 
Directors consists of of Directors and includes 
both financial and non-financial targets 
related to the strategy and KPIs. The level of 
achievement of the financial targets is 
determined through the results as presented 
in the Company’s financial reports and 
achievements of non-financial targets as 
assessed by the Board of Directors.
The bonus pay-out level is defined by a target 
achievement and is capped at a certain 
percentage of the individual fixed annual 
salary, with the target of 75% of maximum 
pay-out level which is set at 50% of the 
annual fixed salary.
The bonus is based on target achievement on 
a number of parameters approved by the 
Board of Directors, including financial and 
commercial KPI’s aligned to the strategic 
priorities of the financial year. Individual KPI’s 
are moreover linked to the implementation of 
the company values in alignment with the 
individual Officer’s area of responsibility: T o 
commit, focus, collaborate, dare, and 
empower. Key areas included improving th ncluded improving the 
global footprint, ensuring the financial runway, 
and supply chain optimization. WeightMatt Boczkowski 
CEO Klaus Juhl Wulff, 
CFOJoerg Hess, 
COOPeter Holme 
Jensen, CIO Score
Financial
Revenue 30% 30% 30% 30% Below target
EBIT (before special items) 30% 30% 30% 30% On target
Individual KPI’s 40% 40% 40% 40%
% KPI achievement 
of max bonus (target 75%)* 0% 0% 0% 0%
* Executive Management’s bonus plan is based on a minimum revenue threshold, which triggers the bonus payout for all performance measures. This was not met for 2024, wherefore no bonus was paid out 
to Executive Management.KPI’s and performance measures13
Aquaporin Remuneration Report 2024 03 Remuneration of Executive Management

3.4 Long-term incentive programs (L TIP)
T o promote and achieve long-term goals and 
strategies, incentive remuneration in the form 
of Long-T erm Incentive Programs (L TIP) are 
offered to the Executive Management and 
certain Key Employees. The L TIPs are 
shared-based inc