 uch remuneration may not exceed an amount 
corresponding to 50% of the base salary and may not be paid more than once each year and 
per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. 
Pension 
For the CEO, pension benefits shall be based on defined contribution. The pension 
premiums for defined contributions shall amount to not more than 35% of the fixed base 
salary. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. 
Other senior executives pension benefits shall be based on defined contributions and the pension benefits shall be no more than 30% of fixed base salary. Senior executives 
employed in Sweden shall have a pension defined by ITP1 or ITP2, whereas with a cost that is within the 30% of fixed base salary. Variable cash remuneration shall only qualify for 
pension benefits to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions as 
applicable to the exec plicable to the executive. 
For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits and other benefits 
may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice, 
taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. 
Other benefits 
Other benefits such as company car, medical health insurance or occupational health service may be provided to the extent this is considered customary for senior executives holding equivalent positions on the labour market where the employee operates. The total value of 
these benefits shall amount to not more than 10% of the fixed base salary. 
Terms of notice 
Senior executives shall be employed until further notice. Upon termination of the CEO’s employment, if such termination is determined by the company, the notice period shall be 
twelve (12) months. For other senior executives, the notice period may not exceed twelve 
(12) months if notice of termination is made by the comp