 ' fees are not covered in this report. These 
fees are decided annually by the Annual General Meeting 
and are disclosed in Note 10.
Developments in 2024
The CEO summarises the company's overall performance 
in the comments from the CEO, on pages 5 and 6.
Company remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose, and 
derogations
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the 
company's business strategy and safeguarding of its 
long-term interests, including its sustainability, is the ability to recruit and retain qualified employees. This 
requires being able to offer competitive remuneration. The 
company's remuneration guidelines allow for a compet -
itive overall package for senior executives. According to 
the remuneration guidelines, the remuneration of senior 
executives must be market-based and may consist of the 
following components: fixed cash salary, variable cash 
remuneration, pension, and other benefits. Variable cash 
remuneration must be linked to financial or non-fina  strategic objec -
tives and short and long-term business priorities for 2024. 
The non-financial performance criteria further contribute 
to alignment with sustainability and the company's values.
Remuneration from other companies within Balco Group
The CEO did not receive any remuneration from any other 
company within Balco Group during the previous financial 
year.The corporate governance of Balco Group aims to create value for shareholders through active risk 
control and a healthy corporate culture. Since Balco Group's 2017 IPO, the ongoing work for effective 
governance, control, and monitoring has been a priority.

BALCO GROUP AB – ANNUAL AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202447
ADMINISTRATION REPORT OPERATIONS FINANCIAL INFORMATION SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY INTRODUCTION OTHER INFORMATION
REMUNERATION REPORT
 Balco Group AB - Total remuneration of the CEO in 2024 (SEK, thousands)*
Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration
Name of the holder (position) Basic salary Other benefits** Annual 