  company has compiled with the applicable remuneration guidelines 
adopted by the general meeting. No deviations from the guidelines have been decided and 
no derogations from the procedure for implementation of the guidelines have been made. 
The auditor’s report regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines is available on Bilia ’s website www.bilia.com
 among the AGM documents. No remuneration has been 
reclaimed during the year . 
 In addition to remunerat ion covered by the remuneration guidelines, the annual general 
meeting s of Bilia in 2021, 2023 and in 2024 ha ve resolved to implement long -term share -
related incentive program s. The program s encompasses senior officers and other key 
persons in the Group . The performance requirements used to assess the outcome of the 
program s have a clear link to the business strategy, and thus to the Company’s long -term 
sustainable value creation. These performance requirements include total shareholder return, earnings per dition to continued employment, – positive total shareholder return (relative weighting 22 
per cent) , an increase of profit per share in 202 6 compared with 202 3 (relative weighting 44 
per ce nt) from 10 to 2 0 per cent, customer satisfaction 2 percentage points higher than the 
benchmark (relative weighting 22 per cent) and at least 22 per cent of women in sales 
operations (relative weighting 12 per cent). Goal achievement is measured partly through 
annual measurement and partly through measurement for the entire three-year period, which means that goal achievement for one or more individual financial years gives the right to the allocation of performance shares for the financial years in question, even if the goals are not achieved for the entire three-year period. If the measurement for the entire three -year period results in a higher award of performance shares than the annual 
measurement, performance shares must be awarded based on the measurement for the entire three-year ree shares can be awarded and the three years have been vested as of 
31 December 202 4. For the 2023 share savings program, a maximum of four and a half shares can be awarded and two year s out of 
three years has been vested as of 31 December 202 4. For the 2024 share savings program, a maximum of four and a half shares can be 
awarded and one year out of three years has been vested as of 31 December 2024. 
7) Total number of earned share options , but allocation is still dependent on fulfilment of performance requirements. See table 3.b for 
expected outcome regarding performance requirements. The share options are valued based on the share price on 31 December 202 4 
of SEK 120 .70 per share. 
8) Total number of earned share options continued depending on employment until the end of the lock -in period . 
 
 
Application of performance criteria 
 
The performance measures for the MD’s variable remuneration has been selected to deliver 
the company’s long -term strategy and to encou