 on of both the remuneration committee and the 
auditor that Billerud has complied with the remuneration guidelines during 2024, i.e. no deviations from the 
remuneration guidelines have been decided upon and no derogations from the procedure for implementation of 
the remuneration guidelines have been made. The auditor's report regarding the company's compliance with th e 
remuneration guidelines is available at Billerud's website www.billerud.com . 
Remuneration to the CEO 20241 (SEK thousand) 
Name, 
position 
(start/end) 1 
Fixed remuneration 2 3 4 5 
Fixed 
remunera
tion 6 7 
Financial 
year Base 
salary Other 
benefits2 Variable 
remuneration 
- One-year 
variable Share 
based 
renumerat
ion Extra -
ordinary 
items Pension 
expense Total 
remuneration Proportion fixed of 
total remuneration / 
proportion variable of 
total remuneration 
Ivar Vatne, 
CEO 2024 8,196 3 154 520 4,176 - 2,441 15,487 70% fixed / 30% 
variable 
Application of the performance conditions 
A prerequisite fo s 
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long -
term interests, including its sustainability goals, is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 
To this end, it is n ecessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. Billerud's remuneration guidelines 
enable the company to offer the CEO a competitive total remuneration. By establishing that variable compensation 
shall be linked to predetermined and measurable f inancial and non -financial criteria, the variable cash remuneration, 
together with Billerud's share- based incentive programs, promote Billerud's business strategy, long -term interests 
and sustainability performance. 
The performance conditions and targets for variable cash compensation to the CEO for 2024 included a set of pre-
determined and measurable corporate performance measures linked to Billerud's strategy (Group EBIT, Operating 
Cash Flow and Group Lost Time In  whereby the previous key figure “sales growth” was removed. The new financial 
targets emphasi ze the importance of capital efficiency, profitability and cash flow. Targeted levels for return on capital employed (ROCE) and 
EBITDA margin are to be achieved over a business cycle. For definitions of the performance conditions please see the Annual and Sustainability 
Report 2024 and mainly the section “Key f igure s – definitions and purpose ”. 
8 Net sales for 2022 increased by 63 percent. The increase occurred mainly within the product area Paper and was primarily a result of the 
acquisition of Verso on 31 March 2022. Net sales excluding exchange rate effects, the acquisition of Verso and the divestment of Beetham 2021 
increased by 16 percent. 
9 Remuneration includes fixed and variable short -term and long -term remuneration and benefits.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 202 5 BILLERUD AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL) 
15 
 
 
p. 31 -32 Work of the remuneration committee in 2024 
note 23 on p. 183 -185 In