 ns from the 
guidelines have been decided and no derogations from the procedure for implementation of the guidelines have been made. The auditor’s report regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines is available on https://www.bioinvent.com/investors/corporate -governance/general- meetings/
. No remuneration has 
been reclaimed. In addition to remuneration covered by the remuneration guidelines, the annual general meetings of the company have resolved to implement long -term share -related incentive plans. 
 Table 1 – Total CEO remuneration in 2024 (KSEK)* 
 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 
 Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration 
Name of director 
(position) Base salary Other benefits* * One-year 
variable Multi -year 
variable ** * Extraordinary 
items Pension expense Total 
remuneration Proportion of fixed 
and variable 
remuneration **** 
Martin Welschof (CEO) 2,964 34 1,068 - - 890 4,956 78/22 
 
* Except for Multi -year variable remuneration, the table reports remuneration earned in 20 ther information is available in note 4 on page 62-63 in the annual report 20 24. 
 
 
Application of performance criteria 
The performance criteria for the CEO's variable remuneration in the financial year 2 024 have mainly 
been linked to technical and commercial milestones within proprietary drug projects . The criteria 
have been chosen to contribute to the company's long -term strategy and to encourage acting that 
is in the company's long-term interest. No performance criteria have been linked to financial 
objectives . 
 
The performance criteria for 2 024 have been linked to achieved milestones in clinical operations, 
financing of operations, achieved milestones in preclinical operations, partnering and milestones in manufacturing operations. The measured outcome of the performance criteria achieved has been 
80% and based on this outcome, annual variable remuneration to the CEO has been paid (see Table 
1 above).

The Company granted a retention bonus to the CEO for the perio