 ttee of CapMan’s Board convened 
three times in 2024 to prepare matters concerning the 
remuneration of the Company’s CEO and other management. 
Based on the preparation of the Remuneration Committee the 
Board decided on short-term incentive rewards to the Company’s 
management (other than CEO) regarding financial year 2023 
which were paid in March 2024. In addition, the Board decided 
on the management’s (other than CEO) short-term incentive 
programme for the financial year of 2024. In accordance 
with the Board’s previous decision in principle, the CEO has 
not in recent years been included in the short-term incentive 
programmes. Based on the Company’s current situation, the 
Board has outlined that the CEO’s variable remuneration is to be 
based mainly on long-term incentives.According to the Board’s opinion, the decision-making on 
remuneration complied with the decision-making process 
described in the Remuneration Policy, and the remuneration 
components are consistent with t re consistent with the principles set out in the 
Policy, and there has been no deviation from the Remuneration 
Policy. No clawback was exercised to the remuneration of the 
Board or CEO.
1.2 Focus on Long-Term Remuneration with a 
Share-Based Incentive Programme
The Company aims at maintaining attractive, competitive, 
fair and sustainable remuneration which strives to achieving 
strategic business objectives of the Company in short-term 
and especially in the long-term. The Board has emphasised the 
significance of the strategic long-term success with sustainability 
as the Company’s key objective by attaching the CEO’s variable 
remuneration entirely to long-term incentive programme 
including sustainability performance targets. The CEO is 
excluded from the short-term incentive programme. 
The Company had one active share-based incentive 
programme at the end of 2024. The program is targeted for the 
CEO, management group and selected key employees, altogether 
approximately 20 pe Performance Share Plan 2020 related to Kåll’s 
previous role as the management group member. 
CAPMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2024 
 22

2. Remuneration of the Board members in 
2024
The following table includes the board members’ monthly fees 
and meeting fees paid to the members of the Board in 2024. 
Both fees remained unchanged from year 2023. The table also 
includes the compensation paid to Joakim Frimodig for the role 
of Executive Chair of the Board. The board members’ monthly 
and meeting fees were paid fully in cash. In addition to the board 
members’ monthly fees and meeting fees the members of the 
Board have been reimbursed for travel expenses in accordance 
with the Company’s travel compensation policy.
The Executive Chair of the Board or the other Board members 
are not eligible to any additional pension payments, fringe 
benefits or other personnel benefits provided by the Company. 
3. Remuneration of the CEO in 2024
The following table includes the remuneration and other financia