  by the Annual General Meeting and is disclosed in note 9 in the Annual Report 
2024. 
The company’s development during 2024 
A summary of the company’s overall performance and development is presented on pages 
124-125 in the Annual Report 2024. 
The company’s remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and deviations 
A prerequisite for a successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and safe-
guarding of its long-term interests, including its sustainability work, is that the company can 
recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end, the company must be able to offer competi-
tive remuneration. The company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer senior 
executives a competitive total remuneration. Pursuant to the remuneration guidelines, remu-
neration to senior executives shall be on market terms and may consist of the following com-
ponents: fixed remuneration, pension benefits, variable remuneration and non-monetary ben-
efits. The variable remunera Period exceeds five (5) percentage points. Allotment is calculated linearly between 
zero (0) percentage points and five (5) percentage points. The calculation of the total return of 
the Castellum share in comparison with CRERX shall be made as follows: The total return of 
the Castellum share shall be calculated in accordance with what is stated above regarding 
Performance Share Rights of series A. The entry index shall correspond to the average index for 
CRERX during January - April 2024. The comparison index shall correspond to the average in-
dex for CRERX during January - April 2027. 
 
Variable remuneration to the CEO during the financial year 2024 
In accordance with applicable performance and share price based incentive program, variable 
remuneration has been paid to Joacim Sjöberg for the financial year 2024, pertaining to the fi-
nancial year 2023.

C A S T E L L U M 
 5/5
 Comparative information on the change of remuneration and the company’s in-
come from property mana