 of compensation: fixed cash 
remuneration, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and non-financial 
benefits. 
The variable cash remuneration shall be based on a number of defined and 
measurable criteria that reflect the most important drivers for achieving the 
Company’s business strategy, long -term interests and sustainable business 
operations. Such criteria shall consist partly of the Company’s general material 
performance indicators and financial results, and partly of individual performance. 
In addition to the above forms of remuneration, the general meeting may also 
decide on share -related long -term incentive programs. 
The allocation of the CEO’s total remuneration in relation to the forms of 
remuneration under the Guidelines is shown in the table in section 4.1 below.

3 
 
D-5611528 -v1 3 Annual changes 
The following table presents the changes in remuneration to the CEO related to the 
Group’s net sales and operating profit/loss and the average remuneration to EO is not a participant in an ongoing long -term incentive program. 
4.2 Application of criteria for the variable cash remuneration 
In accordance with the Guidelines, variable remuneration shall be based on a set of 
predetermined and measurable performance criteria that reflect the key drivers for 
pursuing the Company’s business strategy, long -term interests and sustainable 
business pr actices. Such performance criteria shall consist of key performance 
indicators both for the Company’s overall and financial performance as well as 
individual performance. Variable remuneration shall not exceed 100% of the 
annual fixed remuneration. 
During 2024, annual variable compensation structure was based on targets related 
to adjusted EBITDA (35% weight), revenues (50% weight) and individual KPIs 
(15%). The CEO’s performance in relation to the criteria for variable remuneration 
during the reported financial year is 83%, TEUR 254. The Remuneration 
Committee is responsible for assessing w ible for assessing whether the criteria for variable 
remuneration ar e met. 
5 Long -term share based incentive programs 
The Guidelines do not cover remuneration decided by the annual general meeting. 
Cint currently has three ongoing long -term share based incentive programmes: one 
share option plan and two restricted stock unit (RSU) programs. The purpose of the 
incentive programmes are, among other things, to encourage a broad ownership 
amongst the Company’s employees, facilitate recruitment, maintain competent 
employees, increase the alignment of interest between the employees and th e 
Company’s shareholders and increase mot ivation to reach or exceed the 
Company’s financial targets. 
Below is a summary of Cint’s incentive program as well as information on the 
number of shares and options that have been allotted or offered to the CEO and the 
main terms and conditions for exercising the options, including the exercise price 
and exercise date and any changes to the terms a