 rs Wrebo 
(from 10 April 2024)1Board member 36,000
Total 176,000
 
1 Includes EUR 6,000 meeting specific fees.

4 Remuneration Report 2024
Remuneration of the 
President and CEO in 2024
The remuneration of the President and CEO was 
consistent with the remuneration policy during 2024.
Short-term incentive schemes
The purpose of a short-term incentive scheme is to 
support the achievement of the set targets and to 
promote commitment by setting unambiguous and 
measurable annual targets that have a direct impact 
on the company’s result. Componenta’s Board of 
Directors annually sets the terms and objectives 
of any short-term incentive schemes for the 
whole Group. Under the remuneration policy, any 
remuneration paid as part of a short-term incentive 
scheme may amount to up to half of the President 
and CEO’s fixed annual salary. The Board of Directors 
may adjust the criteria for short-term incentives at its 
discretion.
The President and CEO is entitled to a short-term 
incentive b rt-term 
incentive bonus related to the achievement of 
financial targets. In 2024, no bonus was paid to the 
President and CEO under the short-term incentive 
scheme for 2023, as the Group’s cash flow after 
investments in 2023 did not meet the minimum 
target set in the terms of the incentive scheme. 
In 2024, the company did not have a short-term 
incentive scheme for the President and CEO, and 
therefore no remuneration is paid to the CEO for the 
short-term incentive scheme for 2024.
Long-term incentive schemes
The purpose of any long-term incentive schemes is 
to provide an incentive to key employees and to align 
their benefits with the shareholders’ benefits and 
the long-term strategy aimed at the sustainability 
of business operations. Long-term incentives may consist of both performance-based remuneration 
schemes and restricted share plans.
Based on the remuneration policy, the Board 
of Directors decides on any long-term incentive 
schemes, such as share-based remuneration