 Total 
Maximum commitment regarding this compensation amounts to SEK 5.0 million (counted as gross salary for max 12 
months) for a four -year period from 2021 to 2024. The compensation is not pensionable but 
can be switched to pension. Payment of this variable remuneration is conditional on it being invested in CTT -
Shares which must be retained for an agreed period, but at least three years. 
When the measurement period for fulfilling criteria for the payment of variable cash setting is terminated, shall 
It is assessed/determined the extent to which the criteria are met. The CEO's compensation 
is set by the Chairman of the Board and is then approved by the Board. As far as is variable cash setting 
Other executives are responsible for the CEO for the assessment. As far as is concerned 
Financial goals must be based on the financially financially made by the Company 
the information. 
The CEO and CTT both have the right to call for CEO's pension at 6 7 years of age Ion at the age of 6 7. The pension is 
Fence -based and in addition to paid pension premiums, no pension obligations shall occur.

8 
 
 
 
 
Pension premiums for premium -determined pension for CEO shall amount to a maximum of 30 percent of the fixed 
annual cash salary. For other senior executives, the general pension plan shall apply, either by 
The ITP plan or through individual occupational pension insurance is included within the framework of ITP, and 
Pension terms thus be limited to that. 
Other benefits may include: Life insurance, health insurance and car benefit. Premier and others 
Costs for such benefits may be a total of a maximum of 15 proceeds of the fixed 
Annual gross salary. 
Cessation of employment 
The CEO of the Company has an agreement which allows for severance pay on the executive may leave his service on 
The company's request. Severance pay including termination salary amounts to a maximum of one annual salary. 
The notice period is 12 months on termination on the part of the company OC