 on, home security and company car, payable as a cash allowance on request. - Provides market -competitive benefits to attract and retain 
top talents. 
Variable remuneration 
Short -term incentive (STI) - Annual incentive programme linked to financial and non -financial performance at the Group, business unit/group function and 
individual levels. 
- Maximum award of 20% of the annual base salary (target award of 10% of the annual base salary). 
- Awarded after the end of the financial year based on performance in terms of selected KPIs. 
- Upon settlement, 40% is paid in cash and 60% is deferred in conditional shares over a five -year period and subject to backtesting. 
- After the deferral period, deferred conditional shares vest and are subject to a one -year holding period. 
- Subject to clawback and good leaver/bad leaver conditions. - Rewards and promotes achievement of annual targets 
guided by the long -term strategy without creating an 
incentive to take excessive risk. 
- Ser of 
50% financial KPIs and 50% non -financial KPIs ( including 
strategic priorities) to holistically measure performance 
and success .

13 Danske Bank / Remuneration Report 2024 Introduction Changes to the ELT 
remuneration model Corporate governance and 
Remuneration Policy Remuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the 
Executive Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
On an annual basis, the Remuneration Committee undertakes the 
exercise of ensuring the STI performance criteria are aligned with 
Danske Bank’s Forward ’28 strategy and stakeholder interests. 
At the end of the year, the KPIs are evaluated against the targets. 
Financial targets are measured against results audited by Danske 
Bank’s external auditor. 
Return on equity is measured at the Group level against the 
budgeted target for the financial year. For 2024, the actual RoE was 
above target level , leading to an assessment abov e target . 
C hose 
awards are granted at the beginning of each financial year. The grant 
is made in the form of conditional shares by dividing the maximum 
grant amount by an average share price before the grant date. The 
granted award is subject to performance criteria , with 40% of the 
award vesting after three years and the remainder after five years. 
The number of initially granted conditional shares vesting depends 
on the performance in the selected performance criteria over a 
three -year period . As with all deferrals, the conditional shares are 
subject to backtesting prior to vesting. 
The LTI and the selected performance criteria support the execution 
of the Forward ’28 strategy, set an incentive to create long -term 
shareholder value and align the interests of the members of the 
Executive Leadership Team with those of shareholders and other 
stakeholders. The adjustment of the number of initially granted 
conditional shares based on the performance in the selected 
performance cr emuneration of the Board of 
Directors Remuneration of the Executive 
Leadership Team Development in remuneration 
and performance Risk impact of remuneration Statements 
The development of remuneration of the Board of Directors and 
the Executive Leadership Team over the past five financial years in 
comparison to the remuneration of employees of Danske Bank 
and the development of key performance indicators of Danske 
Bank Group are summarised in the following table s. For the 
purpose of easier comparison, the remuneration figures of the 
Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team have been 
annualised. 
CEO to employee pay ratio 
Comparing the CEO’s total remuneration and the average pay of 
the employees of Danske Bank A/S, the ratio for 2024 was 1: 29.9 
(2023: 1: 27.4). The increase in the ratio is caused by the increa se 
in the base salary of the CEO. 
 Development in remuneration and performance 
Development of annualised total remuneration of the Executive Leadersh