 roved by 
the Group. The allocation of such allowances is governed by 
Remuneration Governance.
Pension schemes and other benefits
Pension schemes guarantee employees a basic cover in the 
event of critical illness or death and pension payments upon 
retirement. In general, employees are covered by mandatory 
defined-contribution plans with a pension insurance company. 
The pension contributions of employees subject to collective 
bargaining agreements are regulated by the collective 
agreement. Further, pension schemes are set up and offered to 
employees in accordance with local practices and regulation.
Other benefits are awarded based on individual employment 
contracts and local market practice. As a main rule, the Group 
has set guidelines to align benefits offered to employees at the 
various employment levels of the Group. The benefits offered 
to certain groups of employees may include mobile telephone, 
internet, newspaper, company car, health insurance and health 
checks as   pension. This level of 
variable remuneration will in practice apply only to a small
minority of employees and be offered only to enable the Group to 
match market terms. The limit is reduced in jurisdictions where 
a lower maximum cap is required by applicable legislation.
Most employees covered by incentive schemes have a cap 
on variable pay of 25%. Furthermore, certain employees and 
senior management are subject to a variable pay limit of up to 
50% of the base salary, possibly inclusive of pension. When 
calculating the ratio between fixed and variable remuneration, 
institutions are allowed to apply a discount rate of 25%, subject 
to requirements for deferral and instruments. However, the 
Group does not apply this notional discount rate.
Variable remuneration may be disbursed in the form of a cash 
bonus, shares, share-based instruments, including conditional 
shares and other generally approved instruments, all on
the basis of applicable local legislation. Where relevant and