 Remuneration to senior executives and 
 employees normally consist of:
 •Fixed base salary
 •Short ­term variable remuneration paid 
in cash (key personnel)
 •The opportunity to participate in long 
term incentive plans (key personnel), and
 •Pension and other customary benefits
The fixed base salary shall consist of a fixed 
annual cash salary that corresponds to a 
remuneration for the role and position. The 
size of the remuneration is affected by the 
complexity of the work, responsibilities, 
performance, local market conditions and 
in what way it contributes to achieving the 
business goals. Because the fixed salary 
must reflect the performance of the exec ­
utive, it is individual and differentiated.“”
 It is noted that the CEO has not received 
any remuneration from another company 
within the same group.
Furthermore, it is noted that there was 
no deviation from the decision­making 
process prescribed in the guidelines for 
determining the compensation.
A fixed­ term variabl easonable. Such remuneration may not 
exceed an amount corresponding to 35 
percent of the fixed annual salary and may 
not be paid more than once a year and per 
individual for a member of Group Manage ­
ment, with the exception that for the CEO, 
this may amount to 55 percent. Decisions 
on such remuneration shall be made by the 
Board on the proposal of the Remunera ­
tion Committee.
Additional variable cash compensation 
may be paid in exceptional circumstances, 
provided that such extraordinary arrange ­
ments are limited in time and are only made 
at the individual level either for the purpose 
of recruiting or retaining executives, or as 
compensation for extraordinary work in 
addition to the person’s ordinary duties.
The Board’s view is that the total remu ­
neration to the CEO is in accordance with 
the Company’s guidelines. The remu ­
neration contributes to the Company’s 
longterm results in that it is market ­based 
and that it is based on predetermined 
set goals. The CEO