 115 133 899 – 3,492 97/3to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term value 
creation, including its longevity. The annual variable cash salary 
(annual bonus) shall be capped at 75% of the fixed cash salary. 
The full guidelines are described on pages 102-103. In 2024, there 
was a deviation from the guidelines regarding pension provision 
for the CEO. The terms of the applicable pension plan mean that 
the pension premium under the plan has exceeded 40% of fixed 
salary because the CEO’s pensionable salary also includes a three- 
year average of variable salary. The Board proposes a clarification 
in the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives, 
which means that pension provisions under the pension plan are 
linked to pensionable salary instead of fixed salary, and that the 
pensionable salary includes a three-year average of variable 
salary. Since the CEO’s pensionable salary, as in previous years, 
also included a three-year average of variable salary,   incorrect grounds.
Other remuneration
Additional cash remuneration may be paid as a one-time arrange-
ment under extraordinary circumstances in order to recruit or 
retain executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount 
equivalent to one year of the fixed cash salary. Resolutions on 
such remuneration shall be passed by the Board upon proposal 
from the Remuneration Committee.Pension
Senior executives shall be covered by the ITP plan and a so called 
alternative ITP for all salary components exceeding 7.5 income 
base amounts. Pension premiums for alternative ITP shall not 
exceed 35% (CEO) and 30% (other senior executives) of the pen-
sionable salary. Variable remuneration is included as a three-year 
average in the pensionable salary.
Other benefits
Other benefits, such as company car, fuel and health and medical 
insurance, may be paid to the extent that this is deemed to be in 
line with market conditions for senior executives in equivalent 
positions in the labor market i