  general meeting and disclosed in note 5 on pages 162-163 in the Annual 
Report 2024. 
 
Key developments 2024 
 The President and CEO summarizes the company’s overall performance in her statement on page 8-
10 in the Annual Report 202 4. 
 The company’s remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and deviations 
 A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and 
safeguarding of its long- term interests, including its sustainability, is that the Company is able to recruit 
and retain qualified personnel. To this end, it is necessary that the Company offers competitive 
remuneration. The company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer executives a 
competitive total remuneration. The remuneration may consist of a base salary, annual variable 
compensation, pension contributions and additional benefits and shall be on market terms. The 
variable cash remuneration shall be linked to criteria that can be financial or non- financial. The 
fin tions and 6,033 matching options). The expected grant 
value of the award in 2024 at the time of the decision in AGM was 6 ,869 ksek. After performance adjustment at the end of the year , the aggregate expected 
value of the 2024 award was 358 ksek based on the value according to the Black & Scholes model fair value per option as used in Annual Report 2024. 
***The aggregate expected value of the options at the time of vesting of the 2021- plan was 4 ,484 KSEK based on value according to the Black & Scholes 
model fair value per option value used in Q1 202 4 report (valuation date closest to vesting date) . 
 
Application of performance criteria 
 
The performance measures for the President and CEO’s variable remuneration have been selected to 
deliver the company’s strategy and to encourage behavior which is in the long- term interest of the 
company. In the selection of performance measures, t he objective with the variable cash remuneration 
is to promote the fulfillment of annual s fillment of annual short term goals in line with the Company’s business strategy 
and long- term interests, inc luding its sustainability . Sustainability targets are part of the variable 
compensation plans for all members of Group Management and evaluated by the Remuneration 
Committee and the Board. Final outcome is conditional on the tangible progress made towards 
fulfilling Epiroc's 2030 sustainability targets, including, for example, environment, gender diversity and 
safety.

4 
 
 
 
Table 3(a) - Performance of the President and CEO in the reported financial year: variable cash remuneration 
 
 
 
* Excl. changes in provisions for the share based long term incentive plans and items affecting comparability. 
** The outcome of the sustainability target is evaluated by the Remuneration Committee and the Board and is conditional on the tangible progress made 
towards fulfilling Epiroc's 2030 sustainability targets, including, for example, environment, gender diversity and safety.  versity and safety. 
***This is a strategic target where the Remuneration Committee and the Board evaluated the performance based on measurable fa ctors 
 
 
 
Table 3(b) - Performance of the President and CEO in the reported financial year: share- based incentives 
 
 
 
*For 202 4 there was a target range of 1,200 MSEK. The aggregate value of the remuneration outcome after performance adjustment is the value according to 
the Black & Scholes model fair value per option as used in Annual Report 2024. After performance adjustment, only the matching options will be issued as 
the performance target was not met. 
** Excl. changes in provisions for the share based long term incentive plans . 
 
 
 
Comparative information on the change of remuneration and company performance 
 
Table 4 – Change of remuneration and company performance over the last reported financial years ( KSEK unless 
otherwise stated) 
 
 
 
* President and CEO from March 1, 2020 . 
** President and CEO until February 