 he Company’s financial performance and CEO remuneration. The 
Board of Directors decides on the structure and details of variable remuneration components annually. The annual performance bonus and long-term incentive plan reward typically constitute approximately half of 
the CEO’s overall remuneration. 
The General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration payable for Board and Committee work as well as 
the basis for its determination. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has been assigned the duty 
of preparing the remuneration of the Board. The Board of Directors shall decide on the remuneration of the 
CEO as well as other compensation payable to him/her. The remuneration principles for the Management 
Group are determined by the CEO in cooperation with the Board of Directors.
REMUNERATION AND THE FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
The development of Etteplan’s business operations has been consistent and in line with the Company’s strategy over the long term in recent years. erm remuneration of the CEO is based on a share-based incentive plan. The Board of Directors 
decides on the incentive plan in three year intervals, and it is based on the targets to promote the Company 
long-term financial performance, growth, increase in shareholder value as well as support sustainability. The 
purpose of the long-term incentive plan is to reward the creation of long-term shareholder value and the achievement of set strategic and financial targets. The objective of the program is to engage the CEO to the 
Company and align the interests of the CEO and shareholders. The potential reward of the plan will be paid 
in the financial period following the earning period.
The CEO belongs to a share-based incentive plan for the Group key personnel that was established by 
the Board of Directors on April 19, 2023. The plan includes one earning period comprising calendar years 2023-2025. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the key personnel 