 justments were made to the performance targets. For 2024, the 
achievement of the criteria is shown in the table above.
For the CEO, the short-term incentives earned in 2024 amounted to approximately 29 percent of the maximum 
compensation in accordance with the Remuneration Policy. For the Deputy CEO, the corresponding figure was 
approximately 33 percent. In accordance with the regulations, the renumeration will be paid in installments: 50 
percent in spring 2025 and 50 percent in steps during the next three years. The delayed remuneration is linked 
to the performance of Evli Plc's share price during the delay period.
Long-term incentives in 2024
The existing long-term incentive plans for the CEO and his deputy have been implemented as performance 
share plans (PSP). The purpose of the share-based retention plans is to encourage the executives and the 
selected key employees to work on a long-term basis to increase shareholder value and to commit to the 
company. The Board decides a  The Board decides annually on the issuance of new plans based on the Compensation Committee’s 
proposal within limits provided by the General Meeting.
The Performance Share Plan offers an opportunity to earn the company’s shares as a reward for continuous 
service and retention of the company and the individual. Under performance share plans, rewards are granted 
on the achievement of targets linked to the plan. The grant is followed by a vesting period of at least three years. 
Granting is based on the Board's assessment of the achievement of the targets set for the plan at the given time. 
Share Plans are usually delivered to the participants after the delay period, provided that the conditions for 
payment of variable remuneration are met and their employment with the company has continued uninterrupted 
throughout the duration of the plan and until the shares are delivered. The vesting period is further followed by 
a retention period of one year in accordance with the regulation   performance criteria of the plan 
are tied to the operating profit of the company (EBIT). The potential rewards from the long-term incentive plans 
are deferred and paid in compliance with the legislation governing the financial sector. In addition, the payment 
of the rewards is followed by a retention period of one year, during which the shares paid out as a bonus cannot 
be transferred.
During 2024, no share-based incentives were paid to the CEO and the Deputy CEO. 
SUMMARY OF SHARE-BASED INCENTIVES ISSUED AND PAID TO THE CEO AND THE DEPUTY CEO 
Granted installments, 
number of shares1
Plan - Installment Grant date CEO Deputy CEOPerformance 
period 
Vesting 
periodPayment 
yearWaiting 
period
2023 long-term incentive plan 14.9.2023 max. 40,000 max. 40,000 3 years 3 years 2029 +1 year 
2024 long-term incentive plan 16.12.2024 -max. 30,000 3 years 3 years 2030 +1 year
1 Gross number of shares before income taxes on the payment of shares
4
Governance

Remuneration paid to the CEO and 