 ogramme, project and recognition awards, retention awards paid in cash or shares, insurance benefits, seniority or birthday remembrance. 
Fixed fee 
Ensures that Fortum continues to be able to attract and 
retain Board members with relevant skills, industry 
knowledge, and international experience to decide on the 
Company strategy. Board of Directors The Shareholders’ Nomination Board is responsible for preparing and presenting a proposal for remuneration of the members of the Board of 
Directors to the AGM. 
Short-term incentives (STI) 
Support achievement of the Group’s annual financial, 
strategic, and sustainability targets. President and CEO Performance measures, weights, and targets for the selected measures are set annually by the Board of Directors to ensure that they continue to 
support the Company strategy. These can vary from year to year to reflect the business priorities, and they typically include a balance of Group’s 
financial, environmental, social and governance, as l and governance, as well as joint Leadership Team/individual strategic performance measures. In any given year, a 
significant portion of the award is based on financial measures. 
After the year-end, the Board of Directors reviews the performance and determines the extent to which each of the targets has been achieved in 
order to determine the final pay-out level. The possible STI award is paid in cash. 
Long-term incentives (LTI) 
Support the delivery of the Group’s sustainable long-term 
performance, align the interests of management with those 
of shareholders, and support in committing and retaining key 
individuals. President and CEO Fortum’s LTI programme consists of annually commencing individual plans with a three-year performance period. Performance measures, weights, 
and targets for these selected measures are set by the Board of Directors to ensure that they continue to support the Company strategy. 
Performance measures typically include financial, share-price-related,  e development of Fortum’s share price and the 
development of the set sustainability targets. The business 
performance is directly reflected in the performance-based 
awards paid to the President and CEO. 
The adjacent table presents the development of the 
remuneration of the Board of Directors, the President and 
CEO and the average employee, as well as the financial 
performance of the Company in the past five years 
(2020–2024 ). 
In accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ 
Nomination Board and the resolution of the Annual General 
Meeting 2024, the remuneration paid to the members of the 
Board of Directors changed in 2024. Shareholders’ 
Nomination Board has reviewed the level of the Board 
remuneration and based on the review, outlined in 2021 the 
target of getting the Board remuneration gradually at market 
level by 2026. Shareholders’ Nomination Board makes a 
proposal of the Board remuneration to the AGM annually. 
During 2022, Fortum’s operating environment chang