 ) Gabriel’s overall performance. 
 
The Executive Board’s short and long-term incentive schemes must be linked directly to the financial targets 
supporting Gabriel’s strategy. The composition of the remuneration of each individual executive is determined 
with a view to contributing to Gabriel’s ability to attract and retain competent key employees while, at the same 
time, ensuring that the Executive Board has an incentive to create added value for the benefit of Gabriel's 
shareholders. 
 
The terms of employment and remuneration for each member of the Executive Board are agreed between the 
individual executive and the Board of Directors. 
Table 2 – Remuneration of the Executive Board in the 2023/24 financial year – in DKK 1,000. 
Name 
and position Fixed 
base 
salary Customary 
employee 
benefits* Pension 
contribu-
tions** Cash 
bonus*** Total 
remune-
ration Proportion of fixed 
and variable 
remuneration 
Anders 
Hedegaard 
Petersen, CEO 3,138 242 372 0 3,752 100% / 0% 
Claus  Is are fixed annually in 
connection with the budget process. No bonus agreement had been entered into for 2023/24. 
4.3 Long-term incentives 
Members of the Executive Board may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, be offered the opportunity to 
participate in a long-term incentive programme (3 years or more). As the members of the Executive Board 
already have considerable shareholdings in Gabriel, the Board of Directors has judged that the executives, via 
their commitment as shareholders and interested parties, are already serving Gabriel’s long-term interests. For 
this reason, the Board of Directors does not at present offer the executives participation in a long-term incentive 
programme. Please see the annual report for information on the executives’ specific shareholdings. 
4.4 Customary employee benefits 
Members of the Executive Board are offered customary employee benefits such as company car and other 
customary non-monetary employee benefits such as insurance, new