  benefits. Variable elements correspond to the 
maximum of 70% of the CEO’s and 60% of the Deputy CEO’s maximum total remuneration at 
maximum pay -out level. 
The table below describes the remuneration components in more detail: 
Element Purpose and link to the 
Company’s strategy Description 
Fixed salary To attract and retain high 
performing individual to 
lead the Company There is no prescribed maximum fixed salary or 
annual increase. 
The People and Remuneration Committee 
normally reviews salaries annually, taking into 
account various factors including performance of 
the Company and the individual, role scope, 
employee salary increases and external 
benchmark data when determining any salary change. 
Pension To provide competitive retirement benefits Retirement arrangements reflect relevant market practice. The CEO and the Deputy CEO may 
participate in the applicable retirement benefits in 
the country of employment. 
Details of the pension arrangements for the current CEO  h of fiduciary duties 
or breach of any material rules or regulations applicable to the Deputy C EO. 
The CEO has the possibility to retire at 63 years of age. The Deputy CEO has the possibility to 
retire at the statutory retirement age. The CEO and the Deputy CEO are entitled to a 
supplementary pension that exceeds the statutory scheme. 
3.4 Deviation fro m the Policy 
The Board upon recommendation of Board’s People and Remuneration Committee may 
temporarily deviate from any sections of the Policy based on its full discretion in the circumstances 
described below: 
• Upon change of the CEO and the Deputy CEO, 
• Upon material changes in Company structure, organization, ownership and business 
(for example merger, takeover, demerger, acquisition, etc.) 
• Upon material changes in or amendments to the relevant laws, rules, or regulations 
(including tax laws). 
There is no right to deviate or derogate from this Policy concerning the non- executive Directors’ 
remuneration. 
If a devi