 ion of good corporate governance. In 
addition to supporting the company’s long-term 
profitability and competitiveness, remuneration 
supports the company’s strategy.
Remuneration, in accordance with the Remuneration 
Policy 2024, consists of the following components:
• Basic salary and employee benefits, which are in 
compliance with the local market practices, laws, 
and regulations.
• Short-term incentive scheme, which is meant 
to guide the performance of an individual and 
the organization as well as to support rapid 
implementation of strategic projects.
• Long-term remuneration scheme, which is meant 
for committing key persons to the company. Long-
term incentives aim at committing management 
to the company and harmonizing their interests with 
those of shareholders. 
The CEO’s basic salary shall be aligned with the interest 
of the company and its shareholders. The basic salary 
shall be competitive in the labor market comparison 
in order to be able to attract and retain ta ONENTS IN 2024
Remuneration component Description of remuneration
Fixed:
Salary Fixed monthly salary including taxable benefits: car benefit and telephone benefit
Fixed:
Pension Statutory pension in Finland
Variable: 
Short-term incentive scheme The purpose is to support the achievement of the company’s short-term financial and 
strategic objectives. The performance period for the CEO’s short-term incentive scheme 
is one year. The payment of the bonus is based on achieving the target level for Harvia’s 
consolidated adjusted operating profit and personal targets.
Variable: 
Performance bonus The payment of the bonus is based on achieving certain profitability target of Harvia 
companies in Finland.
Variable:
Long-term incentive program The share-based long-term incentive program aims to support the implementation of 
the company’s strategy, align the objectives of the management and the company’s 
shareholders to increase the value of the company and improve the performance of the 
co rformance of the 
company, and commit the CEO to the company.CEO REMUNERATION IN 2024
The Board of Directors decides on the remuneration 
of the CEO as well as on the key terms and conditions 
of the CEO’s service. The target levels and maximum 
levels of the variable remuneration-related measuresare 
based on the long-term strategic objectives defined by 
the Board of Directors.
According to the Remuneration Policy 2024, the 
remuneration of the CEO consists of a fixed monthly 
salary, fringe benefits, and performance-based 
incentive systems. The incentive systems consist of an 
annual short-term performance incentive scheme and a long-term share incentive scheme. The remuneration 
of the CEO may also include a supplementary 
pension arrangement and a severance payment.
In 2024, CEO Matias Järnefelt was paid a total 
remuneration of EUR 580,776 (EUR 251,882; 
Järnefelt assumed his role on 1 June 2023). Variable 
remuneration constituted 12% of the overall 
remuneration and fixed pay  .
THE REWARD TO BE PAID TO THE CEO IN 2025 BASED ON 
2024 PERFORMANCE
Remuneration component EUR
Short-term incentives from 2024 243,556
Performance bonus from 2024 29,052
Total 272,60811 Harvia 2024  Strategy  Business operations  Sustainability  Investors  Governance   Financial statements