 s on the policy, and an 
updated remuneration policy will be presented to the Annual General Meeting 2025.
The long-standing key principles of remuneration at Harvia are transparency, 
market orientation and rewarding good performance. The aim is to encourage and 
reward the Board of Directors and the CEO for operating in accordance with the 
company’s strategy and policies, and to motivate them to strive for the success of 
the company. Ultimately, the objective is to promote long-term profitable growth 
and competitiveness. Harvia also aims to be an attractive employer to employees 
regardless of their job description.1 Harvia 2024  Strategy  Business operations  Sustainability  Investors  Governance   Financial statements

In addition to the monthly salary, variable remuneration 
plays a significant role in the remuneration of the CEO 
to reward good performance. Variable remuneration 
consists of the annual short-term performance bonus 
and the long-term share-based incentive progr ctive at the time when the decisions on such 
remuneration were made and there were no 
deviations. The remuneration of the Board of 
Directors or CEO were not clawed back or adjusted 
in the financial year 2024.
KEY REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
Harvia’s remuneration principles apply to the entire 
personnel of the company. The key principles of 
remuneration at Harvia are that remuneration is 
transparent, market-oriented, and that it rewards 
good performance.
According to the Remuneration Policy 2024, the 
objective of the company’s remuneration policy is to 
encourage and reward management for work that is 
in line with the company's current strategy and for 
compliance with the set rules, and to motivate them 
to strive for the success of the company.Well-functioning and competitive remuneration is an 
essential tool for the company to engage competent 
directors and executives. This, in turn, contributes 
to the financial success of the company and the 
implementation of good corporat ion of good corporate governance. In 
addition to supporting the company’s long-term 
profitability and competitiveness, remuneration 
supports the company’s strategy.
Remuneration, in accordance with the Remuneration 
Policy 2024, consists of the following components:
• Basic salary and employee benefits, which are in 
compliance with the local market practices, laws, 
and regulations.
• Short-term incentive scheme, which is meant 
to guide the performance of an individual and 
the organization as well as to support rapid 
implementation of strategic projects.
• Long-term remuneration scheme, which is meant 
for committing key persons to the company. Long-
term incentives aim at committing management 
to the company and harmonizing their interests with 
those of shareholders. 
The CEO’s basic salary shall be aligned with the interest 
of the company and its shareholders. The basic salary 
shall be competitive in the labor market comparison 
in order to be able to attract and retain ta rformance of the 
company, and commit the CEO to the company.CEO REMUNERATION IN 2024
The Board of Directors decides on the remuneration 
of the CEO as well as on the key terms and conditions 
of the CEO’s service. The target levels and maximum 
levels of the variable remuneration-related measuresare 
based on the long-term strategic objectives defined by 
the Board of Directors.
According to the Remuneration Policy 2024, the 
remuneration of the CEO consists of a fixed monthly 
salary, fringe benefits, and performance-based 
incentive systems. The incentive systems consist of an 
annual short-term performance incentive scheme and a long-term share incentive scheme. The remuneration 
of the CEO may also include a supplementary 
pension arrangement and a severance payment.
In 2024, CEO Matias Järnefelt was paid a total 
remuneration of EUR 580,776 (EUR 251,882; 
Järnefelt assumed his role on 1 June 2023). Variable 
remuneration constituted 12% of the overall 
remuneration and fixed pay  tain EBIT margin in the performance period.LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEME
For each performance period, the Board of Directors 
separately decides the performance criteria and related 
targets, as well as the minimum, target, and maximum 
reward potentially payable based on target attainment. 
The payment of rewards based on the performance 
criterion concerning organic revenue growth requires 
that Harvia achieves a certain EBIT margin in the 
performance period.
If the targets of the plan are reached, rewards will be 
paid to the participants during the spring following 
the end of the given performance period. If the CEO’s 
service contract would have terminated before the 
payment of the reward, no reward would be paid as 
a rule.The program has no commitment period or 
terms and conditions associated with the number 
of shareholdings.
The potential rewards paid through the incentive 
program represent gross earning from which 
withholding tax and possible other applicable 
contribution icable 
contributions are deducted, and the remaining net 
amount is paid in shares. However, the company 
has the right to pay the reward fully in cash under 
certain circumstances.10 Harvia 2024  Strategy  Business operations  Sustainability  Investors  Governance   Financial statements

THE KEY TERMS OF SERVICE OF THE CEO
The management contract of CEO Järnefelt is valid 
until further notice. The CEO’s contract contains a 
mutual six-month period of notice and a 12-month 
non-compete period upon its termination.
If the company terminates the service contract, the 
CEO is entitled to a severance payment corresponding 
to six months’ basic salary. The CEO’s retirement age 
is determined by the statutory pension system.REMUNERATION PAID TO THE CEO IN 2024
Remuneration component EUR
fixed monthly salary, in total 1)510,639
Short-term incentives from 2023 55,437
Performance bonus from 2023 14,700
Total 580,776
1) Including taxable benefits (car and telephone benefit).
THE REWARD TO BE P .
THE REWARD TO BE PAID TO THE CEO IN 2025 BASED ON 
2024 PERFORMANCE
Remuneration component EUR
Short-term incentives from 2024 243,556
Performance bonus from 2024 29,052
Total 272,60811 Harvia 2024  Strategy  Business operations  Sustainability  Investors  Governance   Financial statements