 Compensation Report Heba Fastighets AB 2024 
 
Introduction 
This report describes how the guidelines for compensation to senior executives for H EBA 
Fastighets AB (publ), adopted by the AGM 202 4, was applied in 2024. The report 
Also contains information on compensation to the CEO. The report has been drawn up 
In accordance with the Companies Act and the College's for Swedish Corporate Governance rules on 
Remuneration to senior executives and on incentive programs. 
Additional information on remuneration to senior executives is found in note 8 (employees and 
Personnel costs) on pages 98-99 in the annual report for 2024. Information about the Board 
Work in 2024 can be found in the corporate governance report on pages 70-75 in the annual report for 
2024. 
Board fees are not covered by this report. Such fees are decided annually by the AGM 
and is reported in note 8 on pages 98-99 in the annual report for 2024. 
 
Development in 2024 
Executive 2024 
The CEO summarizes the company's overall results in its account of 
Pages 7-9 in the annual report 2024. 
 
The Company's Remuneration Road Lines: Scope, Purpose and Deviations 
A prerequisite for a successful implementation of the company's business strategy to long -term 
and sustainably own, manage and develop properties as well as the utilization of its long -term 
Interests, including its sustainability, are that the company can recruit and retain qualified 
Employees. This requires that the company can offer competitive compensation. The company's 
Compensation guidelines enable senior executives to be offered a competitive 
Total compensation. According to the reimbursement lines, the compensation to senior executives shall be 
market -based and may consist of the following components: fixed monthly basic salary, 
pension benefits and other benefits. The company currently has, in accordance with the guidelines, 
no moving or shares erected gram. The company currently has three protruding stock programs, so -called 
equity saving program, as described in note 8 of the annual report for 2024. Share -related 
Incentently spooks decided by the AGM are not covered by this report. 
 
Application of performance criteria 
The company currently has, in accordance with its guidelines for compensation, no performance -based or 
Other variable remuneration. 
 
Comparative information regarding changes in compensation and the company's results 
 
Table 2 - changes in compensation and the company's results during the last five reported 
the fiscal years (RR) (TKR) 
* Excluding members of Group Management The executive's 
Name (position) 1 
Fixed replacement 2 
Movable 
Compensation 3 
Extraordinary 
Poster 4 
Pension cost 5 
Total compensation 6 
The proportion fixed 
resp. movable 
replacement*** 
Patrik Emanuelsson 
(CEO) basic salary* others 
Benefits ** One -year multi -year 0 1 213 5 660 100/0 
4 277 170 0 0 
 
RR -4 VS RR -5 RR -3 VS RR -4 RR -2 VS RR -3 RR