 uch remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors on the proposal from the 
Remuneration Committee. 
 By law or in accordance with agreements and subject to the resulting limitations, the Board of Directors shall be able to wholly or partially reclaim variable remuneration paid out on wrongful or erroneous grounds. 
 
Pension 
For the CEO and other members of the Executive Management, pension benefits shall be based on how much is paid in, i.e., the pensions are defined contribution pension plans. 
 The pension contributions for the CEO and the Deputy CEO’s defined contribution pension 
can be up to 30 per cent of the pensionable salary. The retirement age for other members of 
the Executive Management varies between 60 and 67 years and the pension contribution can

Page 3 of 4 
 
be up to 30 per cent of the pensionable salary. Variable cash compensation shall not be 
pensionable. 
 For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits may be duly adjusted for c  duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. 
Other benefits and compensation 
Other benefits and compensation may include benefits that are customary and in line with market terms, such as medical insurance, life insurance and company cars, which shall not constitute a material portion of the total remuneration. 
 For employments requiring a relocation, other benefits may include relocation costs, tax 
advice, and other costs related to a relocation. 
 
For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. 
 
Remuneration to Board Members Remuneration to Board Members for their work on Hexatronic’s Board of Directors is determined by the annual general meeting. Board Members are