  2020 financial year Karl-Johan Persson was CEO from 1 December 2019 until 30 January 2020 inclusive.
5. Average remuneration including severance pay on a full-time equivalent basis for employees of all subsidiaries excluding the executive management team.NameDescription of performance 
 criteria/key performance 
 indicators (KPIs)Relative 
weighting of 
performance
Criteria/
KPIs Measured performance for the yearActual award 
 outcome 
Daniel Ervér, CEO The H&M group’s total sales 25% Criteria have been selected with a view to achieving the company’s goals 
and encouraging behaviour that is in the company’s long-term interest. The 
selection of criteria/KPIs took into account targets as well as short-term 
and long-term business priorities for 2024. The non-financial short-term cri -
teria/KPIs also contribute to efforts within sustainability, leadership and 
the company’s values.
With regard to the short-term variable remuneration, the board has made 
both quantitative and qualitativ ative and qualitative assessments, which the board considers 
necessary to achieve appropriate implementation of the remuneration 
guidelines. The board’s overall assessment of Daniel Ervér’s performance in 
2024 was that it was in line with established targets for 2024 and resulted in 
variable remuneration at the level of four monthly salaries, i.e. fixed cash CEO 
base salary. The variable remuneration was paid in the first quarter of 2025. 5 016 800
The H&M group’s total 
 operating profit1)25%
Fulfilment of the objectives 
in the various areas of the 
business plan in total, which
includes sustainability2)25%
Assessment of leadership 
and compliance with values25%
1. Regardless of how well the targets for the other three criteria have been met, the threshold value for total operating profit must be reached if any variable remuneration is to be paid.
2. The sustainability targets can be found in the table on page 7 of the annual and sustainability report 2024.
Stockholm, March 2025