 erm variable remuneration, which at individual level shall be based on the importance of the 
person’s duties and position in terms of influencing the overall performance of the group, may vary but 
shall not exceed 80 per cent of the fixed basic cash salary. 
Extraordinary arrangements 
In specific cases, the company may offer one -time compensation, provided that such compensation is 
only given on an individual basis for the purpose of recruiting or retaining senior executives and does 
not exceed an amount equivalent to 100 percent of the individual’s annual fixed basic cash salary, and is 
not paid more than once per year per individual. Decisions on such remuneration shall be taken by the 
board of directors. 
Pension benefits 
In the case of the CEO, pension benefits, including sickness insurance, are to be on a defined contribution basis. Variable cash remuneration shall not be pensionable, unless otherwise provided by 
law or mandatory provisions of collective bargaining agre  ive bargaining agre ements. The pension premiums for the year 
may not exceed 30 percent of the CEO’s annual fixed basic cash salary. 
In the case of other senior executives, pension benefits, including sickness insurance, are to be on a 
defined contribution basis unless the executive is covered by a defined benefit pension plan under the 
mandatory provisions of collective bargaining agre ements. The pension premiums for the year may not 
exceed 40 percent of the senior executive’s annual fixed basic cash salary. 
The retirement age for the CEO shall be 65. The retirement age for other senior executives may vary 
between 62 and 65 years. 
Other benefits 
Senior executives may receive other benefits such as wellness subsidies, car allowances and medical 
insurance. The total annual costs associated with other benefits may not exceed 20 percent of the 
individual’s annual fixed basic cash salary. 
For members of the group management stationed in a country other than their home country,