  total remuneration of the Group CEO, 
Martin Ravn-Nielsen was below the midrange of the peer 
group index. 
After not having adjusted the base salary of the Group 
CEO since 2022 due to the challenging market conditions 
the Group was facing, the Board of Directors deemed an 
adjustment to be justified in 2024 to meet the remuneration 
policy’s purpose of retention, motivation, and attraction and 
to sufficiently meet the benchmark of peers. 
The Group CFO, Allan Auning-Hansen’s remuneration is con -
sidered to both fulfil the purpose of the remuneration policy 
and to meet the benchmark of peers.
The composition of the remuneration is constructed to align 
the incentive of the Executive Management with the short- 
and long-term interests and sustainability of HusCompagniet 
and its shareholders. The principles for remuneration of the 
Executive Management are further described in Table 9.
The remuneration of the Executive Management consists of 
a base salary, benefits, Long-Term Inc efits, Long-Term Incentive (LTI) and Short-
Term Incentive (STI). The total remuneration (including base salary, benefits, 
STI and LTI), detailed in table 4a was DKK 8.807.591 for 
the Group CEO and DKK 4.913.068 for the Group CFO. 
The Group CFO’s remuneration partly reflects the interim 
position which he held from 1 January to 7 March 2024. 
Reference is made to table 4a for an overview of the total 
remuneration of the Executive Management in 2024.
The total remuneration of the Group CEO is an increase of 
11.89% compared to 2023. The increase in remuneration is 
due to an increase of 11.9% of the base salary and a slight 
over-performance on STI in 2024. 
4.1 Short-term incentive programme 
The remuneration policy limits the variable remuneration un -
der the STI to maximum 80% of the annual fixed salary with a 
target bonus of around 40% of the annual base salary.
The Group CEO, Martin Ravn-Nielsen, achieved an STI 
payment corresponding to 44.8% of the annual base salary 
and G ve market and 
individual performanceN/A
Pension N/A HusCompagniet does not contribute to Executive Management’s pension schemes N/A N/A
Benefits As above under fixed salary Customary monetary and non-monetary benefits, including but not limited to 
company car, car allowance, phone, computer, internet, newspapers etc. N/A N/A
Short-term incentive Promote performance in line with the strategy 
with target alignment to strategic priorities. 
Ensure value creation and sustainability of the 
company are considered and short-term goals 
are achievedAnnual performance-based cash bonus, subject to predefined financial targets, 
non-financial and individual objectives and targets defined by the Board of 
Directors based on input from CEO being met
Size of the cash bonus is determined by the Board of Directors and may include a 
discretionary element further to the specific targetsCorresponding to up to 80% of the 
annual fixed salary with a target bonus 
around 40% of the annual fixed salaryB