 rm interests. 
 Fulfillment of criteria for payment of short -term variable cash compensation must be measured over a 
period of one year. The Compensation Committee is responsible for assessing to what extent criteria for payment of short -term variable cash compensation to the CEO have been met. The Board then 
determines the compensation for the CEO. The CEO is responsible for the assessment of fulfillment of the criteria for short -term variable cash compensation to other senior executives. Short -term variable 
cash compensation shall not be pensionable. 
 The Board must have the opportunity, according to law or agreement, with the limitations that may follow therefrom, wholly or partially reclaim variable cash compensation paid on incorrect grounds. 
 Pension benefits, including health insurance, must be defined contributions, unless the executive has a defined benefit pension according to mandatory collective bargaining provisions . Premiums and 
other costs due to defined contr due to defined contribution pension benefits are paid to the CEO and other senior executives in a total amount of up to 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary, depending on the senior 
executive's position.

This is a translation of the Swedish original. 
 
 
 
 AB Industrivärden (publ) 
 Box 5403, SE -114 84 Stockholm, Sweden 
 Tel. +46-8- 666 64 00 
 Internet: www.industrivarden. net 
 E- mail: info@industrivarden.se 5 (9) 
 
 
Other benefits may include life insurance, health insurance, car benefit and fitness benefits. Such 
benefits may amount to no more than ten (10) percent of fixed annual cash salary, depending on the position of the executive. 
 In addition to the above – and independently of these guidelines – the AGM may decide on share and 
share price- related compensation. Since 2012, the Company has established long- term incentive 
programs, as resolved by the AGM. The programs are open to all employees, require employees to buy shares in the Company, and have three- ye