  corporate governance report in the 2024 annual report. 
 
 
 
Performance in 2024 
 
The CEO summarizes the Company’s overall performance in the comments from the CEO in the 2024 
annual report. 
 
Guidelines for remuneration 
 
A successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and the protection of the Company’s 
long-term interests, including its sustainability, require that the Company can recruit and retain qualified 
employees. This in turn requires that the Company offer competitive remuneration. JM’s guidelines make it possible to offer senior executives competitive total remuneration. 
 
According to the remuneration guidelines, remuneration to senior executives should be competitive and 
may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits, 
and other benefits. The variable cash remuneration must be linked to financial or non -financial criteria. The 
financial criteria are defined using JM’s segment reporting.   segment reporting. They may consist of individually adapted quantitative or qualitative goals. The criteria must be designed in such a manner as to promote the Company’s business strategy and long -term interests, including its sustainability, by, for example, having a 
clear connection to the business strategy or promoting the long -term development of the senior executive. 
The basis for remuneration to senior executives is the fulfillment of financial targets, customer satisfaction, 
sustainability and individual performance. A prerequisite for the payment of remuneration is compliance with policies, guidelines and JM’s Code of Conduct. Remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim 
to promote the Company’s business strategy and long -term interests, including its sustainability. 
 
 
The guidelines are in the 2024 annual report (Administration Report). 
 
 In 2024, the Company complied with the applicable remuneration guidelines adopted by the General Meeting. No deviations  pational pension. Ratio of fixed/variable remuneration = 95.5%/4.5%. 
5) The amounts presented in the table do not include the change in the vacation pay liability. 6) In the 2024 annual report and Note 3 Remuneration (table), the short -term and long -term remuneration to the president refers to variable remuneration for 2024 
(to be paid in 2025). The remuneration note in the annual report discloses information about one -year and multiyear remuneration to the president and even for 
2024 (to be paid in 2025) under the section Remuneration for the president and executive management. 
 
 
One-year – variable cash remuneration 
 
Pension criteria for the president’s variable remuneration were chosen to realize the Company’s strategy 
and to encourage behavior that aligns with the Company’s long -term interests. When choosing 
performance criteria, the strategic goals and the short - and long -term business prio rities for 2024 were 
considered. In addition, the non- financial performan  financial performance criteria contribute to greater customer satisfaction, 
which is the basis for business that is both sustainable in the long term and profitable. 
 
The president’s one -year variable salary program is based on earnings targets before tax, sustainability 
targets and the customer satisfaction index. These criteria comprise 80, 10, and 10 percent, respectively, of the maximum possible remuneration. Target levels are set on an annual basis by the Compensation

4 
 
Committee. The outcome for the 2024 financial year amounted to 12.5 percent of the maximum possible 
outcome. 
Multiyear – variable cash remuneration 
 
Performance -based criteria for the president’s program for multiyear variable remuneration are based on 
the fulfillment of a goal for pre -tax earnings. Even this goal has been chosen to realize the Company’s 
strategy and to encourage behavior that aligns with the Company’s long -term interests. 
 
The president’s variable salary program extends over t