 rance and they are provided with an employer-
subsidised benefit for cultural activities and 
physical exercise.
The remuneration for Kesko’s President and CEO and 
Deputy CEO has been compared with the remuneration 
levels and practices of similar companies. Based on the 
comparisons, it was decided that the President and CEO will be remunerated for 2024 within the limits provided for by 
Kesko’s remuneration policy.
Fees paid and falling due
In 2024 , the President and CEO and the Deputy CEO were 
paid the salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits and retirement 
benefits presented in the table.
The performance bonus to be paid to President and CEO 
Jorma Rauhala for 2024 will be €520,000. In accordance 
with Kesko’s performance bonus rules, the performance bonus will be paid on the final day of April of the year to 
follow the performance period at the latest. Moreover, the 
President and CEO will be paid share awards totalling 
32,828 shares (gross) in spring 2025 based on the 2023 and 
2 dent and CEO is required to hold a number of 
Kesko shares equivalent to at least four times their gross 
annual salary, so as to ensure that the interests of the 
Company’s management and shareholders are aligned. The 
requirement concerning the shareholding in Kesko is met by 
President and CEO Jorma Rauhala. 
The criteria for Kesko’s performance-based share award 
plan were Kesko’s return on capital employed (ROCE, %), 
Kesko’s sales development, the total shareholder return of a 
Kesko B share, and the sustainability target. The table 
depicts changes in these in 2022 , 2023 and 2024 .
7Information on the actual share awards granted is presented in the following table
Share award plans for the President and CEO
PSP 2023-2026
President and CEO
Jorma RauhalaPSP 2022-2025
President and CEO
Jorma RauhalaPSP 2022-2025
President and CEO
Mikko Helander
Performance period 2023-2024 2022-2023 2022-2023
Actual earnings, performance period average 39.00 % 41.50 % 41.50 %
Performance period en he actual 
average of the indicators presented in the table for 2022 
and 2023 . The share award to be paid in 2025 will be paid 
based on the actual average of the indicators presented in 
the table for 2023 and 2024 .
Performance bonuses
The performance bonuses paid in 2024 were earned in 
2023 , and the performance bonuses to be paid in 2025 were 
earned in 2024 . The key performance bonus targets in 2024 
for Jorma Rauhala, who has been the President and CEO as 
of 1 February 2024, were Kesko’s total shareholder return 
(TSR, %) operating profit (EBIT), return on capital employed 
(ROCE %), sales development, and targets related to strategy execution. The key performance bonus targets in 
2023 for Jorma Rauhala, who at the time was the Deputy 
CEO, were the operating profit (EBIT) for Kesko, and the 
EBIT, return on capital employed (ROCE %), and sales 
development for the building and technical trade division. 
The key performance bonus indicators for President and 
CEO Mikko Hela of divisional management teams and persons reporting to them have had the target of the corporate sustainability strategy as one 
of the performance bonus criteria. Sustainability targets have also been set for a large number of key persons covered by the performance bonus scheme, based 
on their role).

Performance bonus targets and levels achieved in 2023 and 2024 by the President and CEO and Deputy CEO
President and 
CEO
Jorma 
Rauhala Target Level achievedTotal 
assessment 
on a scale 
of 0 to 100Payment 
year
STI 2024Financial targets for 
Kesko and K GroupTargets related to the Company’s financial performance:
•Kesko’s EBIT
•Kesko’s ROCE, % 
•TSR
•Sales developmentThe Group’s operating profit and ROCE were close to the target 
level, and sales development was slightly below the target level. 
 
The Board also assessed targets related to strategy execution, 
including 
•Achieving the targets related to the market position of the business 
divisions 
•Profitable business growth org  business growth organically and via acquisitions 
• Developing the store network
• Specifying and implementing the Group’s sustainability strategy.
According to the Board assessment, the President and CEO’s overall 
performance was good on key targets related to strategy execution. 66.7 2025
Personal targets Targets related to strategy execution have been set for the President and 
CEO. The targets comprise eight areas, which the Board has taken into 
account in the total assessment of the President and CEO. One of the 
areas concerned key targets for the divisions, where the Board has 
evaluated the President and CEO’s performance on 16 targets.
Deputy CEO
Jorma 
Rauhala Targets Weight Level achievedTotal 
assessment 
on a scale 
of 0 to 100Payment 
year
STI 2023Financial performance for 
Kesko and the building 
and technical trade 
divisionFinancial targets for Kesko and the building and technical trade 
division:
•Kesko’s EBIT 
•Division EBIT 
•Division ROCE % 
•Division sales deve , which are taken into account in the total assessment.20%
9

President and 
CEO
Mikko 
Helander Target Level achievedTotal 
assessment 
on a scale 
of 0 to 100Payment 
year
STI 2023Financial targets for 
Kesko and K GroupTargets related to the Company’s financial performance:
•Kesko’s EBIT
•Kesko’s ROCE, % 
•TSR
•Sales developmentThe Group’s operating profit, return on capital and sales 
development were below the target level. Despite the weakened 
market situation, the Group’s result was at a good level. Cash flow 
from operating activities strengthened thanks to improved working 
capital management. 
According to the Board’s assessment, the President and CEO’s 
overall performance was good in terms of key operational objectives, 
including the successful execution of the growth strategy, 
development of the business portfolio and business growth through 
acquisitions and organically, growth in digital trade, development of 
the corporate and employer image, and development of susta