 Board of Directors' Report 
and financial statements Kesla 2024 Responsibility Management 
Institutions' Reward Report 2024 
Introduction 
This reward report will explain Kesla Oyj (“Company”) during the last financial year 
fees paid to their institutions. Kesla Corporation follows the management code of the listed companies 2020. 
The 2024 reward report is approved by the government. 
B
The reward of Allus and the CEO is guided by the Group's reward policy. In the reward policy 
Describe the general guidelines, principles and decision -making processes for rewarding the company's institutions. 
In the financial year 2024, the institutions' pages have been followed without deviations or rewards 
back without inheritance. The reward policy of the institutions is presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years. 
The aim of the reward is to encourage key personnel to achieve the company's long-term financial goals, improve competitiveness and increase the value of the owner. P is for breeding. Reward arrangements 
Also acted as a tool for the commitment and motivation of senior management 
to achieve targets. In 2022 the company took a short -term incentive system (“sti”) 
In addition, a long -term share -based incentive system (“LTI”). LTI's first 
The earning period is 2022-2024 and the other 2024–2026. Participation in programs was made possible 
for the CEO and other key personnel. 
The development of the fees of the institutions is compared to the development of the salaries and fees of the Group's employees, as well as the Group's main financial objectives. Personnel's salaries and fees include the salaries and PK LKKIOs paid to the Group's entire Group and the CEO 
with rewards. Personnel average salary is calculated by dividing staff salaries and fees for the financial year 
the average number of staff with layoffs and other unpaid absences Ön. The CEO has a telephone and car benefit, 
which corresponds to the general practice of the company and the taxpayer. 
In the event of a termination of the CEO, the CEO agreement shall apply to three months of notice. 
In the event of a termination of the company, the termination of the contract will immediately enter into force without a separate notice period. When the company decides on the CEO of the Agreement, Equal Six Monthly Money Salary 
Summary of money as a resignation. 
In 2024, the CEO will pay a fixed total salary that includes a monthly cash salary 
And possible usual taxable benefits. Basic salary is checked by the circumstances required by circumstances 
between the company's board of directors. In addition, the temporary CEO was paid an increased compensation 
CEO. 
CEO's payment -based fees in 2024: 
The CEO was not set a sti target in 2024. The fees in the table are paid. The difference between rewards live