 , converted to a full-time 
 equivalent basis
² Total remuneration schemeAdjusted operating profit
Employees, average ¹
CEO²
Board of Directors, 
average ²engage in long-term efforts to promote the achievement of the company’s goals.
Remuneration is one factor through which the company strives to ensure the 
availability of skilled and motivated persons for all positions at all levels of the 
organisation. These principles also apply to the remuneration of the members of 
the Board of Directors and the President and CEO. The chart on the right shows 
the development of the remuneration of the Board members and the President 
and CEO during the financial years 2020–2024 relative to the development of 
the average remuneration of employees and the Group’s financial performance.
Fees paid to the Board of Directors 
for the financial year 2024
The Annual General Meeting annually determines the annual fees and meeting 
fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors for Board and comm 
¹ The maximum amount of the incentive bonus for the CEO in 2024 was 58% of the annual salaryThe precondition for payment is that the President and CEO is employed by the 
company at the time of the payment. Any shares earned through the one-year 
incentive scheme must be held for a minimum period of two years following pay -
ment (retention period). After the two-year retention period, shares must con-
tinue to be held at a value corresponding to the President and CEO’s gross salary 
for six months, as long as the President and CEO is employed by the company. If 
the President and CEO resigns during the retention period at his own initiative, 
he is obligated to return the received shares without compensation.
The share-based incentive schemes with the years 2023 and 2024 as the earn-
ings periods, as well as the three three-year earnings periods of 2023–2025, 
2024–2026 and 2025–2027 are described below:
• The share-based incentive scheme with the financial year 2023 as the earn-
ing O is included in the share-based incentive scheme, which 
serves as a long-term incentive scheme. The short-term incentive scheme and 
the share-based incentive scheme that serves as a long-term incentive scheme 
constitute the variable components of the President and CEO’s remuneration.
Short-term incentive scheme
The short-term incentive bonus for the President and CEO corresponds to seven 
months’ salary at maximum. The objectives of the short-term incentive scheme 
are set – and their achievement assessed – annually. Any incentives are usu-
ally paid in February of the year following the earnings period typically spanning 
a calendar year. The precondition for payment is that the President and CEO is 
employed by the company at the time.
The President and CEO’s incentive bonus for the earnings period that corre-
sponds to the financial year 2024 was based on the Group’s profit performance 
and strategic targets defined by the Board of Directors as follows: consolidated 
operating p lidated 
operating profit (70% weight), improving working capital (20% weight) and the 
employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS, 10% weight). Based on the achievement of 
the earnings criteria for the earnings period that corresponded to the financial 
year 2024, the incentive bonus was earned at 35.1% of the maximum amount. 
The President and CEO will be paid EUR 92,565 in the financial year 2025 for the 
earnings period that corresponds to the financial year 2024.
Long-term incentive scheme
The President and CEO’s long-term incentive scheme is the company’s share-
based incentive scheme. The Board of Directors decides on the share-based 
incentive scheme as part of the overall incentive and retention scheme. As a 
rule, the earnings period of the plan is three calendar years. The Board of Direc-
tors decides on the earning criteria for each earnings period based on the Per -
sonnel and Sustainability Committee’s proposal. The final numbers of shares 
issued based on meeting the earnings cr