 
¹ The maximum amount of the incentive bonus for the CEO in 2024 was 58% of the annual salaryThe precondition for payment is that the President and CEO is employed by the 
company at the time of the payment. Any shares earned through the one-year 
incentive scheme must be held for a minimum period of two years following pay -
ment (retention period). After the two-year retention period, shares must con-
tinue to be held at a value corresponding to the President and CEO’s gross salary 
for six months, as long as the President and CEO is employed by the company. If 
the President and CEO resigns during the retention period at his own initiative, 
he is obligated to return the received shares without compensation.
The share-based incentive schemes with the years 2023 and 2024 as the earn-
ings periods, as well as the three three-year earnings periods of 2023–2025, 
2024–2026 and 2025–2027 are described below:
• The share-based incentive scheme with the financial year 2023 as the earn-
ing d that corresponds to 
the financial year 2024 were achieved to such an extent that the reward 
represented 23.51% of the maximum amount. In the financial year 2025, the 
President and CEO was paid a total of EUR 60,827.68 under the long-term 
incentive scheme (corresponding to 7,382 L&T shares to be transferred and 
including the cash component) for the earnings period that corresponded 
to the financial year 2024, calculated at the average share price on 25 Feb-
ruary, 2025. 
• The share-based incentive scheme with the financial years 2023–2025 as 
the earnings period. The reward is based on the Group’s average return on 
capital employed (ROCE) for 2023–2025 (50% weight), the total shareholder 
return (TSR) of the Lassila & Tikanoja plc share relative to the stock market 
index for the Helsinki Stock Exchange (30% weight), and carbon footprint 
reduction (20% weight). Payment of the rewards under the share-based 
incentive scheme in question will take place after the three-year earn O is included in the share-based incentive scheme, which 
serves as a long-term incentive scheme. The short-term incentive scheme and 
the share-based incentive scheme that serves as a long-term incentive scheme 
constitute the variable components of the President and CEO’s remuneration.
Short-term incentive scheme
The short-term incentive bonus for the President and CEO corresponds to seven 
months’ salary at maximum. The objectives of the short-term incentive scheme 
are set – and their achievement assessed – annually. Any incentives are usu-
ally paid in February of the year following the earnings period typically spanning 
a calendar year. The precondition for payment is that the President and CEO is 
employed by the company at the time.
The President and CEO’s incentive bonus for the earnings period that corre-
sponds to the financial year 2024 was based on the Group’s profit performance 
and strategic targets defined by the Board of Directors as follows: consolidated 
operating p lidated 
operating profit (70% weight), improving working capital (20% weight) and the 
employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS, 10% weight). Based on the achievement of 
the earnings criteria for the earnings period that corresponded to the financial 
year 2024, the incentive bonus was earned at 35.1% of the maximum amount. 
The President and CEO will be paid EUR 92,565 in the financial year 2025 for the 
earnings period that corresponds to the financial year 2024.
Long-term incentive scheme
The President and CEO’s long-term incentive scheme is the company’s share-
based incentive scheme. The Board of Directors decides on the share-based 
incentive scheme as part of the overall incentive and retention scheme. As a 
rule, the earnings period of the plan is three calendar years. The Board of Direc-
tors decides on the earning criteria for each earnings period based on the Per -
sonnel and Sustainability Committee’s proposal. The final numbers of shares 
issued based on meeting the earnings cr