 e programs in the form of call option programs. They 
have been decided by the Annual General Meeting and are therefore not covered by the guidelines decided by the General 
Meeting, but should still be seen as part of the spirit of them. For more information about these programs, see the respectiv e 
year's notice of the Annual General Meeting. For more information, we refer to note 10 on page 111 in the Annual Report 2024. 
 
Application of performance criteria 
The performance measures for the CEO’s variable remuneration have been selected to deliver the company’s strategy and to 
encourage behavior which is in the long -term sustainable interest of the company. In the selection of performance measures, 
the strategic objectives and short -term and long- term business priorities for 2024 have been considered . The selected 
performance measures for 2024 are based on EBIT for the wholly -owned operations, where the variable remuneration to the 
CEO benefits from both organi c and acq oth organi c and acquired growth, which goes hand in hand with the company's strategy to acquire and 
develop sustainable companies . The performance measures contribute to adaptation to sustainability and the company's values, 
despite the fact that they are expressed in financial terms. In order to further align the CEO's long -term interest with the 
company's long- term interest, the CEO acquires call options in the company, for a predetermined remuneration that goes 
beyond the basic salary. 
During the reporting financial year, the CEO’s performance was assessed to have met the set criteria and the remuneration 
outcome for variable remuneration amounts to 7,042 k SEK of which 3,000 k SEK is conditional for acquiring shares and/or call 
options in Latour . 
 
Comparative information on the change of remuneration and company performance 
Table 2 – Change of remuneration and company performance dur ing financial year 2024 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 
CEO Remuneration (k SEK) 11,451 