 d that the demand for the 
company share was strong among the 
personnel. This reflects the employees’ 
commitment to the company, its strategy 
and goals. 
Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 3
Jannica Fagerholm, Chair of the Remuneration Comm ittee and Vice Chair of the Board of Directors

REMUNERATION IS LINKED TO 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND 
SUSTAINABILITY
Remuneration systems at Mandatum have 
been designed to enhance the company’s 
long-term financial performance and 
sustainable business . The performance 
metrics and criteria used in remuneration 
schemes are based on the Group’s strategy, 
goals and commitment to responsible 
business, strengthening the link between 
remuneration and performance, while 
considering both quantitative and 
qualitative performance criteria. 
In the 2024 short-term incentive program, 
two of the company’s key financial figures, 
net flow and fee result goals, as well as promote the key areas 
identified in the sustainability strategy. 
The objective of the remuneration is to 
attract and commit talented and motivated 
employees and encourage them to perform 
their best and surpass the targets set for 
them. Variable remuneration is used to 
ensure the competitiveness of the 
remuneration packages and to support 
the implementation of the company’s 
strategy and achievement of the targets. 
A significant part of the Group CEO’s total 
Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 5

remuneration is based on the earning 
potential of performance-based variable 
remuneration, which strengthens the link 
between performance and remuneration. 
The financial and non-financial performance 
criteria for variable remuneration are 
aligned with the company’s strategy and 
value development, thus contributing to 
achieving the company’s key strategic goals 
 ey strategic goals 
and long-term financial success. 
The Group CEO participates in Mandatum’s 
long-term performance-based share plan, 
the purpose of which is, among other 
things, to align the objectives of the 
shareholders and the Group CEO. 
Furthermore, to align the interests of the 
Board of Directors and the shareholders, 
40 per cent of the Board members’ annual 
fees were paid in Mandatum shares in 
August 2024 in accordance with the 
resolution of the Annual General Meeting. REMUNERATION AND THE 
COMPANY’S FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 
The following table presents the 
remuneration of the members of the Board 
of Directors and the Group CEO, as well as 
the average remuneration of the employees. 
Furthermore, the table includes financial 
indicators describing the financial 
performance of Mandatum Group. 
Mandatum plc was incorporated on 1 
October 2023, and the remuneration figures 
for 2023, presented in the table, are based 
on the company’s first financial period from 
1 Oct The fixed salary is the basis of the remuneration package, and it shall
form a sufficiently high share of the total remuneration to avoid
over- dependency on variable remuneration.
•The fixed salary shall be reviewed annually.•The Group CEO’s fixed monthly salary was EUR 32,500 in 2024. When determining the fixed
salary level, the Group CEO’s supplementary pension plan has been taken into consideration. No
changes were made to the salary during 2024.
Short-term 
incentives (STI)•The Board of Directors sets the qualitative and quantitative
performance indicators as well as their relative weights and target
levels at the beginning of the performance period. The performance
period is the company’s financial year.
•The performance indicators shall be based on the company’s
strategy and shall include both financial and non-financial indicators
that support the execution of the strategy and promote responsible
business.
•The payout of short-term incentives to the Group CEO may
correspond to  O may
correspond to a maximum of 100% of the annual fixed salary during
any given financial year. The possible rewards shall be paid in cash.
Part of the payout shall be deferred as required in the regulatory
framework applicable to Mandatum.•The short-term incentive earned by the Group CEO in 2023 amounted to EUR 243,068, of which
40 per cent (EUR 97,227) was deferred for three years and the remainder was paid out in 2024. In
addition, a short-term incentive of EUR 53,528, deferred in 2021, was paid to the Group CEO in
2024 after the three-year deferral period.
•In the 2024 short-term incentive program, a threshold value linked to the Group’s profitability was
exceeded that was a condition for the payment of rewards. The Group CEO’s target outcome was
96.1% a nd the earned reward amounted to EU R 374,751. A total of EU R 224,851 will be paid in
2025 and the reminder (40 per cent of the incentive reward) will be deferred in cash for three
years.
•In 2024, the earning opportunity of the g opportunity of the Group CEO’s short-term incentive was adjusted to a
competitive market level within the limits set out in the Remuneration Policy for Governing
Bodies. The Group CEO’s short-term incentive may correspond to a maximum of 100% of the
annual fixed salary as of 2024.
Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 10

The key principles of the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies Information on the financial year
Long-term 
incentives (LTI)•A threshold value and upper limit shall be set for the payouts from 
the incentive schemes. 
•The Group CEO’s payout opportunity is set at a competitive market 
level. If the performance, measured based on the indicators set for 
the incentive scheme, is good or excellent, the long-term incentives 
may have substantial weight in the Group CEO’s total remuneration. 
•The performance period for the incentives shall generally be at least 
three yea om the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 12
Total remuneration 
55%
20%14%11%
Long-term incentives
Fixed salary (including fringe benefits)
Supplementary pension
Short-term incentives

SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES OF 
THE GROUP CEO
The Board of Directors decided on the 
short-term incentive program’s 
performance metrics and their relative 
weights for the Group CEO at the beginning 
of the financial year. The payment of reward 
is based on the outcomes of both 
quantitative and qualitative performance 
metrics. 
The performance metrics for the Group 
CEO in the 2024 short-term incentive 
program were based on Mandatum Group’s 
key targets, Mandatum’s total result and a 
governance-related target. The Group’s key 
targets included three indicators: net flow, 
fee result and customer satisfaction. The net 
flow and fee result are the company’s key 
financial indicators and both increased 
significantly from the  per cent shall be 
deferred and the deferred part of the 
incentive may be paid out earliest in 2028. 
The Group CEO may transfer part of his 
short-term incentive to the personnel fund 
on the same terms and conditions as 
Mandatum Group’s personnel. 
Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 13
Short-term incentive of the Group CEO from the 2024 program (payout in 2025)
Performance metrics WeightResult corresponding 
to 100% outcomeResult of performance 
metricOutcome 
(0-100%)Weighted 
outcomeTotal 
short-term 
incentive1
Group CEO 
Petri 
Niemisvirta Mandatum Group’s key targetsCustomer satisfaction (NPS) 14% 78 78.5 100% 14.0%
Net flow (EUR million) 28% 1,000 983.1 96.8% 27.1%
Fee result of Mandatum Group 
(EUR million)28% 60 66.6 100% 28.0%
Other Group-related target Mandatum Group’s total result 15%The Board evaluates the 
outcome after 
performance periodPartly achieved 90% 13.5%
Govern