 g opportunity of the Group CEO’s short-term incentive was adjusted to a
competitive market level within the limits set out in the Remuneration Policy for Governing
Bodies. The Group CEO’s short-term incentive may correspond to a maximum of 100% of the
annual fixed salary as of 2024.
Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration CommitteeIntroductionRemuneration of the 
Board of DirectorsRemuneration 
of the Group CEO 10

The key principles of the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies Information on the financial year
Long-term 
incentives (LTI)•A threshold value and upper limit shall be set for the payouts from 
the incentive schemes. 
•The Group CEO’s payout opportunity is set at a competitive market 
level. If the performance, measured based on the indicators set for 
the incentive scheme, is good or excellent, the long-term incentives 
may have substantial weight in the Group CEO’s total remuneration. 
•The performance period for the incentives shall generally be at least 
three yea as launched in 2024. The first plan 
launched under the Performance Share Plan structure covers the financial years 2024–2026 and 
the possible rewards will be paid in 2027. In addition, the Group CEO participates in a transition 
phase share-based incentive plan (Bridge Plan), in which the performance period covers the 
financial years 2024–2025 and the possible rewards will be paid in 2026. In both plans, the 
rewards will be paid in Mandatum shares. The Group CEO has been allocated 260,000 shares in 
both share-based plans. The allocated shares are the maximum number of shares (gross) that can 
be earned from each plan if all the performance targets set for the plan are achieved in full.
Pension •In addition to a statutory pension, the Group CEO may be entitled to 
a supplementary defined contribution pension plan. •The company pays a fixed amount as pension contribution into the Group CEO’s supplementary 
defined contribution pension agreement annually. When determining the level o