 ent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the board of directors based on a proposal 
from the remuneration committee.

Medicover AB (Publ) | P.O. Box 5 283 | SE-102 46 Stockholm | Visiting address : Riddargatan 12A | Sweden 
8 (17) 
For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance ( Sw: sjukförsäkring ), shall be 
premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension 
premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 20 per cent of the fixed 
annual cash salary. For other executives, pension benefits, including health insurance, shall 
be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under 
mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension pre ons. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 20 per cent of 
the fixed annual cash salary. 
Other benefits may include, for example, life insurance, medical insurance 
(Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 
10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits and other benefits 
may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking 
into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who 
are expatriates may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement, taking 
into account, to the extent possible, the overall pur pose of these guidelines. Such benefits may 
not in total exceed 75 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
Termination of employment 
Upon 