 mework of this Remuneration Policy. By decision of the 
Board of Directors, the CEO is paid a fixed base salary, 
which is a compensation for the CEO’s responsibilities 
and is based on t he requirements of the position, the 
CEO’s individual competence and performance as well as 
prevailing market practice. The Board of Directors de-
cides on the CEO’s participation in the company’s short 
and long -term incentive systems, the terms and condi-
tions thereof and on the maximum rewards. Short -term 
incentive system rewards cannot exceed the CEO’s an-
nual base salary whereas long -term incentive system re-
wards cannot exceed the CEO’s annual base salary mul-
tiplied by three. In addition to the statutory em ployment 
pension benefits, the CEO may be entitled to a supple-
mentary pension insurance, whether a defined benefit or 
a defined contribution.

February 
2024 
 
 
 
Summary of the remuneration of Metsä Board's CEO 
 
Part of remuneration Purpose Description and criteria for det and criteria for determination 
 
 Basic salary To compensate for the requirements of 
the position, CEO’s individual compe-
tence and performance as well as pre-
vailing market practice A fixed monthly s alary, which may include a company housing and 
company car benefit and other minor fringe benefits. 
Supplementary pension To offer a pension benefit supplementing 
statutory pensions The CEO’s retirement age may be lower than the retirement age pursu-
ant to the Employees Pensions Act. The CEO may be entitled to a sup-
plementary pension insurance, whether a defined benefit or a defined 
contribution. 
Short -term incentive plans To support the implementation of Metsä 
Board’s strategy and annual targets as 
well as to remunerate for good perfor-
mance and for achieving organisational 
and individual targets The performance period of the short -term incentive plan is principally 
one year. The reward cannot exceed the CEO’s annual base salary. 
The Board of Directors decides annuall