 sponding to 50 percent of the fixed salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration for the President and CEO shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. Any resolution on such remuneration for other senior executives shall be made by the Remuneration Committee based on a proposal from the President and CEO. Pensions Senior executives are entitled to pension solutions under a collective agreement (Teknikföretagen). As a main rule, pension commitments shall be defined contribution, and follow the ITP1 pension plan according to which pension provisions are made with 4.5 percent for salary portions up to 7.5 income base amounts and with 30 percent for salary portions above 7.5 income base amounts. The company also makes provisions for part-time pension opportunities. Deviations from this main rule may be made when appointing new senior executives whose employment contracts already include defined M dy include defined MilDef Group AB benefit pension plans or if the executive is covered by a defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for defined contribution pensions shall amount to a maximum of 35 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Pension provisions shall only be made on variable cash remuneration and other salary benefits if required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive or local legislation. Other benefits Other benefits may include, for instance, life insurance, health insurance and car benefits. The total amount of such benefits may not exceed 15% of the fixed annual salary. Foreign conditions With regard to employment relationships governed by rules other than Swedish, appropriate adjustments may be made to comply with such mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account, as far as possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. Consulting fees for board members 