 ry and 55 percent of total remuneration. Variable pay shall not be pensionable, unless otherwise provided by mandatory law or obligations in applicable collective bargaining agreements. The company has no contractual right to recover the remuneration. 
 Long-term variable remuneration 
 Members of the executive management can be offered incentive programs, which mainly should be share-related or share-price-related. An incentive program is intended to improve the participants’ commitment to the company’s development and shall be introduced on market-based terms. Resolutions on share-related or share-price-related incentive programs must be passed at a General Meeting and are therefore not covered by these Guidelines. 
 Other long-term remuneration There are already existing agreements on long-term variable pay linked to continued employment for certain members of the executive management. 
 Benefits 
 Pension Members of the executive management employed in Sweden after 2012 are covered ter 2012 are covered by the contribution-defined plan under ITP1. Members of the executive management employed prior to January 1, 2022 have a supplementary contribution-defined pension plan in addition to the ITP plan. The retirement age for members of the executive management employed in Sweden is 65 years. For members of the executive management employed outside of Sweden, locally competitive pension plans and retirement ages are applied. 
 Other benefits Other benefits e.g. car benefits and health care plans are established based on them being competitive in the local market. 
 Pension and other benefits constitute a maximum of 40 percent of total remuneration in the event of a maximum outcome of short-term variable pay. 
 Expat arrangements etc. 
 Members of the executive management who are required to relocate (expatriates) and/or commute internationally to execute the requirements of their role, may receive additional benefits and/or allowances to the extent reasonable in light 