 , with the exception of
remuneration paid to the CEO.
Pension benefits
NCC is endeavoring to move gradually toward defined-contribution solutions, which
entail that NCC pays contributions that represent a specific percentage of the
employee’s salary. The CEO has a defined-contribution pension with a premium
pledge capped at 42 percent of contractual fixed salary. Other members of Group
Management who are active in Sweden and have an employment contract subject to
Swedish terms and conditions, are entitled, in addition to the ITP 2 plan (the
collectively bargained agreement on pensions for white collar workers), to also
receive a defined-contribution supplementary pension capped at 30 percent of
pensionable salary increments exceeding 30 income base amounts. The definition of
pensionable salary as stipulated in ITP2 is to be used for this supplementary
pension.
In other respects, variable salary and other benefits will not be pensionable unless
this is a consequence of law or a collecti of law or a collective agreement. Members of Group
Management who have employment contracts under the terms and conditions of
another country are covered by pension solutions in accordance with local practices,
which must to the extent possible comply with the principles stated in these
guidelines. ITP 1 is applied to new employment contracts where possible. The
retirement age of Group Management is 65 years.
Other benefits
NCC provides other benefits, such as medical insurance and a car benefit, to
members of Group Management. The combined amount of such benefits in relation
to total remuneration may constitute only a limited value and correspond essentially
to the benefits normally arising in the market, in total not more than 5 percent of
annual cash salary.

This is a translation. In case of any discrepancies,
the Swedish original shall prevail.
6
#108950Termination of employment
Periods of notice and severance pay
A member of Group Management who terminates employment at NCC’s ini