 e 7 on page 79 of the Annual Report for 
2024. 
Developments in 202 4 
The CEO summarizes the Company’s overall results of operations in the report on 
pages 8-9 in the Annual Report for 2024. 
The Company’s remuneration guidelines: areas of application, purpose and 
departures 
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy 
and safeguarding of its long -term interests, including its sustainability, is that the 
Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end, it is necessary 
that the Company off ers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the 
Company to offer the group management a competitive total remuneration. According 
to the remuneration guidelines, remuneration to Group Management shall be on market 
terms and may consist of the fol lowing components: basic salary, variable cash 
remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. Variable cash remuneration shall 
be linked to financial and non -financial c and non -financial criteria. These may comprise individualized 
quantitative or qualitative targets. Th e criteria shall be designed to promote the 
Company’s business strategy and long -term interests, including sustainability, for 
example by having clear links with the business strategy or promoting the employee’s 
long -term development. 
The guidelines, which were adopted at the AGM 202 3 and which the Company applied 
during the year, can be found on pages 82-83 of the Annual Report for 202 4. There 
were no deviations from the guidelines during 202 4. 
No deviations were made from the decision -making process which the guidelines state 
shall apply when determining remuneration. The Auditor’s statement regarding the 
Company’s compliance with the guidelines can be found at 
investors.netinsight.net/corporate -governance/. There has been no request for

2 / 3 
remuneration to be returned. In addition to the remuneration encompassed by the 
remuneration guidelines, the AGM has dec