  compliance with established policies. The 
Remuneration Committee reports to the Board of Directors 
at all regular board meetings to ensure transparency and 
efficient decision making.Remuneration Report
• March meeting: The annual bonus payments for the 
prior year and the allotment of performance shares for 
the coming year are reviewed. Participants for the annual 
granted long-term incentive program are endorsed.
• May meeting: The annual wheel governing the plan for 
the five regular meetings is reviewed and self-assessment 
is done by members of the Remuneration Committee to 
assess possibilities for improvement. 
• September meeting: The Remuneration Policy and 
general guidelines for incentive pay, including current and 
new initiatives, are reviewed.• November meeting: The coming year’s salary 
adjustments and benchmarks for Executive Management, 
as well as the coming year’s annual bonus metrics and 
weights. The focal points and key highlights for the 
upcoming Remuneratio d salary, a 
short-term cash-based incentive, and long-term incentives 
consisting of a long-term performance sharebased incentive 
(Performance Shares Program, or PSP) and a Management 
Incentive Program (MIP). Long-term incentives are offered 
to the Executive Management Board and Nilfisk Leadership 
Team. The Executive Management Board is comprised of the 
CEO and the CFO, while the Nilfisk Leadership Team consists 
of Executive Vice Presidents, who report to the CEO. The Remuneration Policy is designed to ensure commonality 
of interest between the management and shareholders of 
Nilfisk and maintain management’s motivation to achieve 
short-term results and pursue long-term strategic goals. 
In 2024, there have been no deviations from the 
Remuneration Policy. The contract for the interim CEO 
deviated from Nilfisk standard practices due to the interim 
nature of the position, which was linked to the appointment 
of the new permanent CEO of Nilfisk. Summary of the 
Remuneration Po