 retain 
qualified executives.Competitive level benchmarked against companies with similar 
business model, complexity and size measured by revenue, 
market capitalisation and number of employees.
Cash bonus To reward the achievement of annual Company goals in 
support of the long-term strategy.Targeted at 100% of annual fixed salary and capped at 200% of 
annual fixed salary.
Long-term incentives 
(share-based incentive 
scheme)To reward the remuneration for the creation of long-term value 
for shareholders and support retention of executives.Currently set as an annual grant with a value targeted at 30% of 
the executive’s annual fixed salary. 
Grant cannot exceed 150% of the executive’s annual fixed salary.
Exceptional one-off bonus 
and severance paySign-on bonus, retention bonus, severance pay and similar 
may be granted on a discretionary basis and in extraordinary 
circumstances to attract and retain qualified executives.The value of any exceptional payments cannot exceed an amoun  
for the Company’s business and strategic projects. In a situation 
with extraordinary performance leading to the specific targets are 
surpassed the overall target for cash bonuses can be exceeded.
Compared to other listed companies, NORDEN has had a relatively 
large proportion of Executive Management remuneration tied to 
short-term incentives (cash bonus) compared to long-term incen -
tives. This is chosen because of the Company’s agile and asset 
trading business model, which is set up to generate short-term 
profits that capitalise on market developments, while applying a 
limited degree of risk. However, for 2024 this balance has been 
adjusted in favour of more emphasis on long-term incentives and 
less cash bonus. 
Long-term incentives, restricted shares and/or stock options
The Board may grant share-based remuneration to the members of 
the Executive Management on an annual basis. By granting share-
based remuneration, Executive Management has an additional 
incentive to wor