 retain 
qualified executives.Competitive level benchmarked against companies with similar 
business model, complexity and size measured by revenue, 
market capitalisation and number of employees.
Cash bonus To reward the achievement of annual Company goals in 
support of the long-term strategy.Targeted at 100% of annual fixed salary and capped at 200% of 
annual fixed salary.
Long-term incentives 
(share-based incentive 
scheme)To reward the remuneration for the creation of long-term value 
for shareholders and support retention of executives.Currently set as an annual grant with a value targeted at 30% of 
the executive’s annual fixed salary. 
Grant cannot exceed 150% of the executive’s annual fixed salary.
Exceptional one-off bonus 
and severance paySign-on bonus, retention bonus, severance pay and similar 
may be granted on a discretionary basis and in extraordinary 
circumstances to attract and retain qualified executives.The value of any exceptional payments cannot exceed an amoun nnot exceed an amount 
corresponding to 100% of the annual fixed salary at the time of 
grant. Total compensation in severance cases cannot exceed two 
years’ pay.
Customary benefits
The Board can grant Executive Management customary benefits 
aligned with market practice. Currently, Executive Management 
receives benefits covering telephone and newspapers.Cash bonus
Individual cash bonuses are incorporated in the remuneration as 
motivation for the Executive Management to achieve good results 
on predefined initiatives, within the limits of the Company’s risk 
NORDEN Remuneration Report 20246

management framework and short-term strategy. Bonus agree -
ments for the Executive Management are decided by the Board on 
the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, subject to 
the level of achievement of predetermined performance targets 
(see page 9). The specified targets are deemed significant in 
order to ensure value creation for the shareholders, and essential 
for the Company’s   of the cash bonus is subject to reaching the specific targets 
outlined on page 9, as well as it takes into consideration the compet -
itive environment, market situation and outlook. For the year 2024, 
the CEO and CFO received a cash bonus of USD 620 thousand and 
USD 348 thousand, respectively.
The bonuses awarded to both CEO and CFO correspond to 60% and 
63% of the annual fixed salary.
The cash bonuses for 2024 are substantially lower than 2023, which 
is a reflection of the Company’s performance and a decision to 
reduce the cash bonus element of remuneration and increase 
emphasis on long-term incentives. 
Long-term incentives 
The Board has chosen to allot restricted shares to the members 
of the Executive Management in 2024 to promote the long-term 
community of interests between the Executive Management and 
the shareholders. The CEO received 16,687 restricted shares repre -
senting a value at the time of granting of USD 505 thousand, corre -sponding to 49% of the fixed annu 9% of the fixed annual salary. The CFO received 9,048 
shares representing a value of USD 274 thousand, corresponding to 
50% of the fixed annual salary.
An overview of allotted restricted shares and vesting periods can be 
found on page 11.
The total variable compensation as a share of the total remuneration 
package for 2024 corresponded to 52% for the CEO and 53% for the 
the CFO.
No clawback measures were applied to Executive Management 
remuneration during 2024. REVIEW OF EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION 
NORDEN Remuneration Report 20248

Structure of performance objectives and results for annual cash bonus
Item Objective Target % weighting of bonus Performance relative to objectives
Shared targets
Long-term financial targets Return on Invested Capital 
Total return to shareholders
Growth (Total number of vessel days)Rolling five years
> 12%
> 10%
> 5%50% On target
2024 financial targets Financial targets P/L2024
> USD 200 million20% Below target
ESG targets Improve emission eff