 ings. The salary 
on which the pension is based includes the basic 
salary, performance salaries and any other taxable 
increments, but not income realised from shares. 
The CEO’s retirement age is determined in accordance 
with the Employees Pensions Act in force. 
Short-term incentives (STI) 
The goal of short-term remuneration is to encourage 
and reward the implementation of the short-term 
business strategy and the achievement of operational 
and financial targets. The company’s performance 
reward system communicates its level of ambition 
and targets. 
The grounds for incentives are determined annually 
by the Board of Directors. In the short-term incentive 
plan, the maximum monitoring period is one financial 
year, and the achievement of the targets is assessed 
in connection with the completion of the financial 
statements. The remuneration under the short-term incentive plan 
paid to the CEO in 2024 was based on the short-term 
incentive plan of 2023 and the achievement of t ce period (1 December 2023 to 
31 January 2025), with a total duration of 14 months. 
The aim of the plan is to support the achievement 
of the Company’s targets and commit the CEO to the 
Company by strengthening value-based management 
and offering an incentive plan based on earning and 
accumulating shares in the Company.
In the matching share plan, the CEO has an opportunity 
to earn 0.5 shares based on commitment and 
continuous shareholding and 0.5 shares based on 
achieving the earning criteria set by Olvi’s Board. 
The Board of Directors has set the total shareholder 
return (TSR) on the Olvi plc Series A share as the 
earning criterion for the matching period. The 
potential reward to be paid for the matching period 
is a maximum of 1,000 Olvi plc Series A shares.Long-term incentives (LTI) 
The purpose of long-term remuneration is to 
implement the Company’s strategy and achieve 
its targets, increase shareholder value, improve 
competitiveness, support profitable growth and 
 fitable growth and 
relative profitability, and engage the Company’s 
operational management and key people. 
The Board of Directors decides on the Company’s 
long-term share-based incentive programmes and 
the CEO’s earning opportunities.
The minimum performance period in share-based 
incentive plans is two years. Performance is assessed 
against the criteria at the end of the performance 
period, and any rewards to be paid depend on 
the level of success in achieving the set targets. 
The CEO is included in the long-term share-based 
incentive plan for Olvi Group’s key employees. 
The long-term incentive plan consists of individual 
performance share plans, each with a three-year 
performance period. 
In the 2023–2025 performance share plan, the rewards 
are based on the Group’s cumulative operating result 
in euros in the Baltic Sea and Finland segments (50%), 
the cumulative sales volume of non-alcoholic products 
(40%), and the reduction of CO 2e emissions throughout 
the value ch