 tiated 
based on 
performance in the 
position both in 
terms of salary 
increases and 
variable pay.

Remuneration of the CEO
Remuneration element
Purpose, and link to strategy Application
Fixed compensation
Compensate for the job responsibilities and 
reflect the competencies, knowledge, and 
experience of the individual.The fixed monthly salary is defined as a gross salary which includes the taxable benefits. The CEO is entitled to holiday allowance in 
accordance with the company’s prevailing policy.
The base salary is reviewed annually, as part of the review of the CEO’s total compensation package. The Board of Directors will 
consider various factors when determining changes in the fixed compensation, including individual contribution, business 
performance and alignment with external market levels.
Benefits and pension
Enable focus on job responsibilities by 
releasing the individuals from the worry of 
organizing other aspects of their lives.The CEO is entitled to benefits foll led to benefits following the applicable company policy and may be amended from time. They can include for 
example a mobile phone, a company car, housing, and insurance policies.
The company may operate a defined contribution pension plan for the CEO with an annual insurance premium calculated based on 
annual earnings, including base salary, fringe benefits and actual short-term incentive payment but excluding share rewards. The 
CEO may be entitled to retire at the age of 63 at the earliest. Supplementary pension rights are assessed based on payments.
Short-term incentives
Support the achievement of Outokumpu’s 
annual financial and strategic targets.The CEO is eligible for participating in Outokumpu’s short-term incentive (STI) plan as in detail decided by the Board. 
The measures and targets applicable to the STI, and the different weightings ascribed to each of them, are set annually by the Board 
to ensure they are relevant to the CEO’s position and take account of the most up-t