 incentive program 
At the AGM 2020, 202 1, 2022 and 2023 respectively, decisions were made 
performance -based stock saving programs comprising certain senior executives 
and key people in the pricer group. Following an initial investment by the participant in 
Pricers B share at market price ("Savings shares") receives the participant one 
Matching share rights and a performance -based share rights per invested share. 
Share rights, after a earnings period of three years, give the right to a matching share and 
Up to five performance shares depending on the outcome regarding the condition of performance. The 
Number of shares of Series B that each performance -based share rights entitle to is dependent 
by the fulfillment of certain, by the Board, set levels for value creation in 
The pricer group. The terms of performance are based on earnings per share below it 
the three -year performance period (relative weighting 100%). For allocation required to 
The participant is still employed by the Price Group and has maintained the savings shares 
Un Lit the savings shares 
during the earning period. 
 If the price of the B -share were to increase by more than 200% (LTI -2021 -2022) respectively 
150% (LTI 2020) During the three -year earnings period, the number of B shares comes, comes 
as stock rights give the right to be reduced, with the maximum value that 
respective participants may receive under LTI is limited to the value corresponding 
Maximum allocation of B shares at an increase in share price by 200% (LTI -2021-
2022))) and 150 % (2020) during the earning period 
 
Information about the equity saving programs can be found on page 59 in the annual report for 2024. 
 Table 2 - Share Save Program (CEO)

3 
 
 
 
 
Application of performance criteria 
The performance criteria of the CEO's variable remuneration have been selected for 
to realize the company's strategy and to encourage actions located in the company's 
Long -term interest. When choosing performance criteria, the strategic goals and 
Short and long-term business priorities for the year 2024 Eules for the year 2024 were taken into account. The non-financial 
The performance criteria further contribute to adaptation to sustainability and the company's 
values. 
 Table 3 - CEO's performance during the reported financial year

4 
 
 Comparative information regarding changes in compensation and the company's 
results 
 Table 4 - Changes in compensation and the company's results during the latest 
five financial years (KSEK) 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm in March 2024 
Pricer AB (publ) 
The Board