 c targets. The total time span of the plans is always at least 3 years so that the l ong-term incentive 
plans are aligned with the interests of the shareholders in the long -term. The rewards to be realized based on 
the long -term incentive plans may form a substantial portion of the CEO’s total remuneration if the Company’s 
shareholder valu e creation is remarkable. 
The CEO’s ownership in t he Company strengthens the alignment of the interests of the CEO and the 
shareholders in the long -term. In order to promote this, the long -term incentive plans include an ownership 
obligation where the CEO must, in compliance with insider rules, use 50% of the net income received from the 
long-term incentive plans for accumulating his or her ownership in the Company until the value of his or her 
ownership in the Company corresponds to his or her fixed annua l salary. 
Main terms of service 
The CEO’s retirement age and pension benefits follow the Finnish Employee’s Pension Act, and the Co sion Act, and the Company 
does not offer supplementary pension arrangements to the CEO. The CEO’s director contract is valid until 
further notice. The term of notice of the CEO’s director contract is 3 m onths by either party , but the Company 
has at any time the right to release the CEO from his or her duties immediately without notice. In add ition to 
the salary for the period of n otice, the CEO is entitled to a severance pay equal to 6 months’ fixed base salary 
if the Company’ terminates the director contract. The CEO is subject to a 6-month non -compete obligation 
upon termination o f service. 
Upon termination of the CEO’s service, t he Board may exercise i ts discretion in leaver situations, as to whether 
short -term and/or long -term rewards are paid to the CEO during the year of departure or thereafter , and as to 
whether the CEO is entitled to s tock options distributed to him or her based on the long -term incentive plan , 
fully or partly, and on which terms. 
Malus