  executives a competitive total remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company’s business strategy and long-term interests, including its sustainability. Types of remuneration, etc. The remuneration to senior executives shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally, the General Meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on, among other things, share-based or share price-related remuneration. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Pension benefits, including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring), shall be premium defined. For the CEO, variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. Pension premiums shall be  n premiums shall be paid under an individual pension plan and shall not exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives, variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums shall be on a par with the Swedish ITP plan and may amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Other benefits may include life insurance, medical insurance and company cars. Such benefits shall not comprise a significant share of the total remuneration and may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration, etc. Any variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized, quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed in order to contribute to the company’s business strategy and long-term interests, including its sustainability, by fo