 n the interests of directors, officers, 
employees and shareholders while supporting the incen-tive paid for the company's performance. The target of the company's incentive programs is to promote the imple-mentation of its strategy and create long-term, sustainable performance while increasing shareholder value. The Board 
regularly monitors the implementation of the company's 
incentive programs to ensure that the selected measures promote the company's business strategy and long-term financial success.Every part of the remuneration is balanced to promote 
the company's continuous positive development in both the short and long term. The Policy is consistent with the company's strategic plan, especially as far as the short- and long-term reward targets chosen to encourage the management and the weighting of these targets are concerned.
Remuneration in 2024
The remuneration information presented in this report for the year 2024 concerns the Board of Directors and the Group CEO.

RELAI ion Policy, 
the CEO's remuneration is based on a fixed annual salary 
and a performance-based bonus. In addition to this, the 
CEO is involved in a long-term incentive programs, where the payment of possible rewards are based on the creation of long-term shareholder value.
Since the goals of the short- and long-term incentives 
are related to the development of Relais Group's business, 
the company's financial performance is reflected in the 
development of the CEO's actual remuneration, especially short- and long-term incentives. The charts below present the company's financial performance and the CEO's actual remuneration. The CEO's short-term and long-term incen-tives are presented according to the payment year and are 
always based on the performance of the previous year or 
on longer time period. CEO remuneration and average personnel 
remuneration, in thousand EUR
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
CEO 224 276 305 248 310
Group personnel 
average44 44 42 43 46
The changes in total remuner ry components. Variable salary components, 
i.e. short-term and long-term incentive programs, are part 
of the CEO's remuneration. The targets of the short-term incentive plan are based on the annual development of the company's business. The outcome of the long-term incen-tive plans are based on the development of the company’s share price.
The share of the fixed annual salary paid to the CEO in 2024 was 85% of the total amount of remuneration.
The CEO has life insurance initiated by the company, 
which cost the company EUR 7 ,101.06 (6,426.12) in the fiscal year 2024. The CEO had a company car and mobile phone benefit and lunch benefit.
Short-term performance-based bonus
In the 2024 performance bonus program, the maximum amount of the cash bonus that may be paid to the CEO based on the short-term incentive plan was 50% of the 
fixed annual salary. The outcome paid for the incentive
system is based on the targets related to the developmentof the group's earnings per share, net working r share, net working capitalefficiency and qualitative business development.
The weight of the group's numerical development in the
targets of the incentive system was 70% and the weight of
other targets was 30%. In 2024, the success rate in
achieving the targets of the CEO's short-term incentiveplan was 64% of the maximum reward, so the monetaryreward accumulated was 32% of the 2024 fixed annualsalary. The amount to be paid in cash is EUR 80,000 will be paid in 2025.
Long-term incentive plans
The CEO is involved in three long-term incentive plans addressed to the management of the Company and applicable in 2021-2027 . The aim of the incentive plans is to 
align the interests of Relais Group's management with the 
interests of the Company's shareholders and thus promote the increase of shareholder value in the long term, as well as reward and engage the Company's management:
1) Share-based long-term incentive plan decided by the
company's Board on 25 February 2021. 
The rewards payable