 s”). Participation in LTIP 2023 requires 
that the Participant has their own shareholding in the 
Company according to the terms of LTIP 2023 and 
that these shares are allocated to LTIP 2023 (“Saving 
Shares”). Provided that the Saving Shares are retained 
during the set vesting period of three years and that the 
Participant remains employed within the Group for the 
entire vesting period, the Participant will be entitled to 
receive 0.5 shares in the Company (“Matching Shares”) 
free of charge for each Saving Share and – provided 
that the performance requirements further defined below are met – a maximum of 5 additional shares in 
the Company (“Performance Shares”). 
The Participants in LTIP 2023 are divided into four 
categories. The first category comprises the Com-pany’s 
Group management excluding the CEO (8 persons) 
(”Category 1”), the second category comprises certain 
key employees in management functions (5 persons) 
(”Category 2”), the third category comprises employees 
  payment of variable cash compensation ends, an 
outcome assessment takes place. The board, or the 
compensation committee if the board establishes 
such a committee, is responsible for this assessment of 
the CEO’s outcome. Variable cash compensation may 
amount to no more than 100 percent of the fixed cash 
salary for the CEO.
Table 2 – Performance of the CEO in the reported financial year: Short term inventive (STI)
Name of 
director (position)Description of the 
criteria related to the 
remuneration com -
ponent Relative weighting 
of the performance 
criteriaa. Measured performance
b. Remuneration outcome
Göran Westerberg (CEO) Adjusted EBITA vs 
forecast100% a. Index 130
b. 63 %
Comparative information on the change of remunera -
tion and company performance
Tabell 3 – Remuneration and company performance in 
the current reported financial year (KSEK)*
2023/24
Remuneration CEO, 
Göran Westerberg11,041
Group’s operating profit (EBIT)** 752,798 
Average remuneration based on 
the n