 tationed in a country other than their home country may receive
additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special
circumstances associated with the arrangement, taking into account, to the extent possible,
the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits shall in total not exceed 30 per cent of
the fixed annual salary.
Pension
Senior executives may be entitled to pension benefits under the ITP plan or similar and may
also be covered by the New Saab plan. Pension benefits under the New Saab plan shall be
premium based and pension contributions shall be made monthly. According to the New
Saab plan, contributions are made for old age pension benefits on salary levels exceeding
30 income base amounts per year, unless it is already made under ITP1. The New Saab
plan entails contributions of 30 per cent on the part of the annual salary that exceeds the cap
on pensionable earnings of the ITP agreement (30 income base amounts per year). Annual
pr per year). Annual
provisions for pension benefits for an individual senior executive shall in total not amount to
more than 40 per cent of the fixed annual salary.
According to the New Saab plan, all senior executives, including the CEO, are also entitled
to enhanced invalidity pension and survivors’ pension benefits. Enhanced invalidity pension
is offered in addition to national health insurance as well as the health insurance included in
the ITP plan and is calculated as a percentage of the pensionable salary; 10-65 percent in
various salary levels. Saab maintains contributions for old age pension benefits in case of
invalidity pension. Survivors’ pension for senior executives, including the CEO, is based on
the highest of either 12 months’ salaries or the accumulated funds in the insurance.
Adjustments to local regulations
For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, remuneration may be duly adjusted
to comply with such mandatory rules or established local practice, taking 