  The remunera-
tion is principally intended to attract, motivate and retain 
qualified members of the Board of Directors and Executive 
Management and to align the interests of the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Management with those of the 
Company and its shareholders. As such, the remuneration should contribute to promoting the Company’s business 
strategy, long-term interests, sustainability and value 
proposition by supporting the Company’s long- and short-
term objectives.
An indicative vote on the Remuneration Report for 2023 
was held at the Company’s annual general meeting on 
10 April 2024. The report was approved without comment.
The information in this Remuneration Report is derived 
from the Company’s audited Annual Reports for the 
financial years 2020 to 2024, which can be found on the 
Company’s website at www.schouw.dk. All amounts are 
gross amounts in DKK.
The remuneration of the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Management for 2024 is consistent with the  equal to 15% of agreed remune -
ration, with an option of converting the contribution to 
remuneration; 
 –annual short-term incentive programme in the form of 
an annual cash bonus; 
 –long-term incentive programme in the form of participa-
tion in Schouw & Co.’s share option programme; 
 –termination and severance payments;
 –usual non-cash employee benefits, company car, etc.
These components were selected so as to contribute to 
a balanced remuneration package reflecting (i) the indi-
vidual results and responsibilities of each member of the 
Executive Management relative to established long- and 
short-term performance targets and (ii) the Company’s 
overall performance.
The Executive Management's short- and long-term 
incentive programmes are directly linked to the financial 
and non-financial objectives underlying the Company’s 
strategy. The remuneration package of each member of 
the Executive Management is composed with a view to 
support the Company’s ability to attract and   salary. The pension 
contributions may be converted into cash remuneration.
Short-term incentives
Members of the Executive Management may be eligible for an 
annual cash bonus, currently determined at the discretion of the 
Board of Directors. The annual cash bonus is intended to align the 
interests of the individual Executive Management members with 
the Company’s short-term objectives. Payout of the cash bonus is 
subject to an overall assessment of whether the individual member 
has met targets related to the Company’s budgeted results, financial 
ratios and other measurable personal financial or non-financial 
performance targets which in aggregate reflect and support the 
Company’s short-term objectives. The Company performed in the 
upper part of the 2024 financial expectations and achieved the 
desired results in the ESG field.1The cash bonus amount may not exceed 50% of the fixed annual 
salary of the Executive Management member in question. For the 
2024 financial year, the 