 vidual basis, either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining senior executives, or as 
remuneration for extraordinary performa nce beyond the individual’s ordinary tasks. Such 
remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 100 percent of the fixed annual 
cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution 
on such remuneration for the CEO shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from 
the Compensation Committee. Any resolution on such remuneration for other senior 
executives shall be made by the Compensation Committee based on a proposal from the 
CEO. 
 
Pension 
Pension benefits shall b e defined contribution schemes except where law or collective 
agreement require a defined benefit pension. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify 
for pension benefits, except when it follows under law or collective agreement. The 
pension premiums for defined -contribution pension shall amount to not more than 
40 percent of the fixed ann ent of the fixed annual cash salary unless a higher percentage results from the 
application of law or collective agreement. 
 
Other benefits 
Other benefits may include, for example, medical insurance ( Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring ), 
health insurance ( Sw. sjukförsäkring) , double accommodation, home travel, tax 
compensation, parking and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 
20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. 
 
For em ployments governed by rules other than Swedish rules, pension benefits and other 
benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local 
practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these 
guidelines. 
 
Senior executives who are expatriates, i.e. based in another country than their home 
country, may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable 
in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangeme nt, taking into 
account, to  y to 
serve the Company’s long -term interests, including its sustainability agenda, or to ensure 
the Company’s financial viability. As set out above, the Compensation Comm ittee’s tasks 
include preparing the Board’s resolutions in remuneration -related matters. This includes 
any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines. 
 
Description of significant changes compared to the previous guidelines 
Pension premiums have previously been restricted to 35 percent of the fixed annual cash 
salary for the CEO and to 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary together with up to 
30 percent on variable cash remuneration for other senior executives. These guidelines 
have been chan ged to a single restriction of 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary 
which applies to all senior executives in order to align the cap for pension premiums with 
prevailing Swedish market practice. 
 
The cap for other benefits has been increased from 15 percent to 20 percent of the fixed 
annual cash salary