 t available in the annual report 202 4. 
Remuneration of the board of directors is not covered by this report. Such remuneration is resolved annually by the annual ge neral meeting and is disclosed in 
the annual report 202 4. 
Key developments 202 4 
The chief executive officer summarizes the company’s overall performance in his statement on page 5 – 6 in the annual report 202 4. 
The company’s remuneration guidelines during 2024 : scope, purpose and deviations 
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long -term interests, including its sustainability 
work , is that the company can recruit and retain qualified personnel. To achieve this, th e company must be able to offer competitive remuneration. The 
company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer executives a competitive total remuneration.

According to the remuneration guidelines applicable during 2024 , executive remuneration shall be on market te 2024 under the two outstanding incentive programs , the share capital will increase by SEK 
181,386 through the issue of 302,310 Series B shares, each with a quota value of SEK 0.6. The dilution effect at full utilization corresponds to approximately 
1.0 % of the capital and 0 .6 % of the voting rights based on the number of outstanding shares as per 31 December 202 4. 
Application of performance criteria 
The performance criteria for variable remuneration of the chief executive officer and the deputy chief executive officer , respectively, have been selected to 
realize the company’s business strategy and long-term interests, including its sustainability work . The criteria, which have constituted both general and 
individualized quantitative and qualitative targets, have , inter alia, been based on the development and performance of the company's return on equity, EPRA 
NAV and actual return vs budget. The company's remuneration committee has evaluated the work of the chief executiv f the chief executive officer and the deputy chief executive 
officer during 2024 and the extent to which they have contributed to the goals set.

The remuneration committee has determined that the chief executive officer has achieved a fulfilment of 80 % of the performance criteria for variable 
remuneration and that the deputy chief executive officer have achieved a fulfilment of 66 % of the performance criteria for variable remuneration. Upon 
recommendation from the remuneration committee, the board of directors of the company has resolved that the chief executive o fficer shall receive SEK 
3,840,000 in variable cash remuneration attributable to 202 4 the that the deputy chief executive officer shall receive SEK 1,360,000 in variable cash 
remuneration attributable to 202 4. 
Comperative information on the changes of remuneration and company performance 
Table 5 - Changes of remuneration and company performance over the last five reported financial years (RFY) (kSEK) 
 2020 2021 
