 es. 
Share savings programme 2022 
The annual general m eeting on 17 May 2022 resolved to establish a long -term incentive programme in the form of a share savings programme 
for CEOs and other key individu als in subsidiaries or business areas. The participants in t he share savings programme were offered to acquire or 
allocate already held shares in Storskogen as savings sha res. The savings share must not already be designated as savings shares under the 2021 
share savings programme. If the participants hold their savings shares for a period of three years, and if the total return on Storskogen’s B shares 
and the key performance figure adjusted EBITA develops in accordance with predetermined cr iteria, the participants may be granted up to two 
or three performance shares per savings share. The total retur n criteria means that the total shareholder return for shareholders i Stor skogen 
must exceed 50 percent during the vesting period (100 percent or higher for a full grant). Th located as sav ings shares under LTIP 2021 or LTIP 2022, to the share savings program me (“Savings Shares ”). The highest permitted 
investment in Savings Shares was based on an amount corresponding to not more than six per cent of each participant’s fixed annual 
remuneration . 
The duration of the program me is three years and each parti cipant who keeps their Savings S hares and remains employ eed by Storskogen for 
the duration o f the program me will be entit led to receive additional B-share s free of charge ( “Performance Shares ”) if two (or, for certain 
participants: three) pre-determined performance criteria regarding tot al return, adjusted EBITA -development and, for certain participants, 
carbon dioxide intensity, have been fulfilled by the end of the program me. 
The criterion for total return means that the average annual total return for Storskogen ’s shareholders should equal or exceed nine per cent 
during the v esting period for full allotment of the Performance Sha  the Performance Shares which are subject to the criterion for total return . The adjusted EBITA -
criterion means that the adjusted EBITA growth must equal or exceed nine per cent annually during the vesting period for full allotment of the 
Performance Shares which are subject to the adjusted EBITA criterion. For certain par ticipants in the programme, CEO and senior executives at 
group -level, ten per cent of the Performance Shares are subject to a performance requirement regarding the c ompany’s carbon dioxide 
intensity. If the carbon dioxide intensity has decreased during the financial year 2025 by, in average, more than seven per c ent annually, these 
participants are entitled to full allotment of the Performance Shares which are subject to the criterion for carbon dioxide intensity.

STORSKOGEN 6/9 
 For each Savings Share, 2 -6 Performance S hares may be allotted depending on the category each participant belongs to. Upon full allotment of 
Performance S hares based on the a