 short-term value generation for 
shareholders while advancing long-term 
ambitions. With financial results strongly 
exceeding expectations, and performance 
against strategic KPIs also exceeding target, 
our 2024 annual scorecard achieved a score 
of 162. Remuneration 
Committee
The Remuneration Committee is 
chaired by Morten H. Engelstoft, with 
Robert M. Uggla as a member.
The Remuneration Committee supports 
the Board of Directors by preparing and 
recommending remuneration policies 
and decisions for Executive Management 
and the Board. It provides independent 
oversight to ensure fairness, transparency, 
and a strong link between pay and company 
performance.
The main tasks of the Committee include:
• Developing and regularly reviewing 
Remuneration Policy to ensure 
consistency with the Company’s 
purpose, strategy, long-term shareholder 
value, and regulatory requirements
• Setting the remuneration packages 
of Executive Management while 
benchmarking practices against market  
200Target 
100Annual scorecard outcome – 2024• Introducing the minimum shareholding 
requirement to strengthen the Executive 
Management’s alignment of interest with 
our shareholdersSvitzer Remuneration Report 2024 4

Component Purpose and link to strategy Award level BoD Exec Man
Base Salary / Fixed Fee Acknowledges market value, the scope and complexity of the 
role. For executives, it also takes into account the experience 
and consistent performance of the individualSubject to an annual remuneration review, it may change in the 
context of the individual’s long-term performance and market 
pay positioning. For Board members fixed fee’s reflect market 
practice, responsibilities and workload of the individual members
Short-T erm Incentive Rewards the achievement of annual company goals guided by 
the long-term business strategyThe payout is entirely based on business performance for the 
specific financial year. For 2024 the target payout for the CEO 
was equal to 50% of the annua  to 50% of the annual base salary, with the actual 
payout ranging from 0% to 200% of the target payout. For the 
CFO the target payout was 40% of base salary
Long-T erm Incentive Links remuneration to the achievement of long-term 
shareholder value creation and supports retention of the 
executivesDelivered through the Restricted Share Unit Plan, the total 
annual grant value is up to 100% of the base salary at the time 
of grant. For 2024 the CEO grant was equal to 85% of base 
salary and for the CFO it was 60%
Benefits allowance The benefit allowance is provided as a separate payment to 
cover essential benefits like pension or retirement contributions, 
car or transportation allowance, and other cash benefitsAs per policy up to 15% of the base salary, and may vary at the 
individual level
Shareholding 
requirementAligns the interests of Executive Management members and
shareholdersCEO is required to hold shares with a value equivalent to 100% 
of the base salary, the shareholding i  main 
reasons, the primary being the extraordinary 
demerger incentive, and the other being 
that performance for the short-term incentive 
was above target. This is covered in greater 
detail in the sections below.Remuneration to the Executive 
Management in 2024
In 2024, the remuneration for the 
Executive Management was in line with 
the Remuneration Policy. The table offers 
an overview of the total compensation 
for the financial year 2024, based on the 
remuneration granted during the year. In 
addition, to provide additional transparency 
and insight into the remuneration structure, 
total target remuneration is also presented 
together with the actual numbers. Remuneration – Executive Management
1  The total actual remuneration is calculated by adding 
the base salary and benefit allowance paid in 2024, 
the short-term incentive payout earned based on 
the Company’s 2024 performance, the 2024 
extraordinary demerger bonus, and the value of long-
term incentives granted during  the Executive Management 2024Svitzer Remuneration Report 2024 7

Value driver Performance metric How we measure and why it matters WeightOutcome 
(multiplier 
0-200)
Financial 
metricsRevenue Growth A measure to reflect our ability to grow our business by for example 
attracting new customers, or increasing our presence in existing markets. 
It serves as an indicator of our ability to preserve or grow our market 
leading position. 20% 40
EBITDA A measure used to assess our profitability. EBITDA shows our operational 
performance based on the revenue generated, which can measure for 
example the effectiveness of our cost management and our ability to 
convert revenue growth into earnings. 30% 53
Free Cash Flow Measures our cash generation, reflecting the quality of earnings, our cash 
conversion capabilities, and available cash for reinvestments, returns to 
shareholders, and/ or debt reduction. For 2024 we measure Free Cash 
Flow before growth related CAPEX. 20% 32
Strategic 
metricsTr