 and positive owner value. Below is a summary of the 
key components:
• Ensures 
the company can attract and commit
top talent through market-aligned pay structures.
• Compensatio
n comprises a fixed salary and
a performance-related bonus system tied to annual 
targets, measured against clear and predetermined 
criteria.
• The variable compensation system is
structured to promote Tecnotree’s long-term financial 
performance and enhance shareholder value through 
incentivized achievements.
• All per
formance-related elements use
measurable, predefined metrics that encourage 
transparency and objectivity in assessing outcomes.
Note: While the core principles apply to all employees, 
the CEO’s renumeration may include certain additional 
benefits aligned with the responsibilities and nature of 
the position. Fair, competitive and encouraging remuneration 
of Tecnotree’s management and personnel is the 
subject of continuous development and evaluation 
in the Company. The Board of Directors CEO of the Company is Padma Ravichander. 
The remuneration of the CEO consists of fixed 
remuneration, variable remuneration consisting 
of long-term and short-term incentive, pension, 
transportation allowance, housing benefit, employee 
wellness benefits, employee insurance benefits, 
fringe benefits, bonuses and other financial benefits. 
The objective is to have a good balance of rewarding 
elements, and to guarantee a market competitive 
level of fixed remuneration supported with short- 
and long-term incentive schemes aimed at driving 
Company performance and providing an appropriate 
reward.
The CEO is eligible for benefits laid down in the 
Remuneration Policy or as may be amended and 
approved by the Board and shareholders from time 
to time.
The total earned (paid) remuneration for the CEO 
in the period 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2024 is 
presented in below table. 
CEO remuneration 2023 2024
Fixed annual base salary 1,097 960
Other benefits 175 190
Performance bonus and 
