 he Group CEO, the Deputy CEO and the members of the Executive Group. In 2024, no additional individual bonuses were 
paid. 
 
Long- term remuneration 
 
Share -based long- term incentive schemes are part of the company’s remuneration scheme for key employees. The purpose of this arrangement is to unite the 
targets of the owners and key employees in order to raise the value of the company over the long term and to commit the key employees to the implementation of 
the company’s strategy. In addition, the scheme aims to provide key employees with a competitive remuneration system based on the earning an d accumulation of 
the company’s shares. 
 
The 2023 share bonus scheme 
 
The earning period for the share- based bonus scheme was the 2023 calendar year. The scheme’s bonus was based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS), 
Tokmanni Group Corporation’s total shareholder return compared to peer companies for the period 1 January –31 December 2023 and customer perception of the 
Group’s ention scheme. Both schemes have a rolling structure, i.e. the PSP and RSP plans 
are started by a decision of the Board of Di rectors. Participants, earning potential, performance indicators and target levels are decided separately for each 
programme. 
 
The first individual plan in the PSP structure, PSP 2024– 2026, commenced at the beginning of 2024 and the awards potentially earned thereunder will be paid in 
listed shares of Tokmanni Group Corporation and potentially partly in cash during the first half of 2027. The PSP 2024– 2026 indicators were earnings per share, 
relative total shareholder return relative to the median return of peer companies, as well as the environmental scope 3 climate target and the diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) indicator. 
 
The first individual plan in the RSP structure, RSP 2024– 2026, commenced at the beginning of 2024 and share awards payable thereunder will be paid in annual 
tranches during the plan’s restriction period. The aggregate maxi d to the Group CEO. 
Changes in the total remuneration have mostly been due to changes in realised performance - and share- based bonuses. 
 
The Deputy CEO’s primary role is to act as the Group’s CFO and CIO. As the role of Deputy CEO is secondary, the company does not pay a separate remuneration 
for the performance of the Deputy CEO’s duties. The Deputy CEO has not performed the CEO’s duties between 2018 and 2024.

Tokmanni Group Corporation Remuneration Report 2024 
 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
The comparable EBIT for 2020 has been adjusted. The figures concerning the comparable EBIT in 2018 –2019 are not fully comparable, because they have not been adjusted as a 
result of a correction made to previous financial years. The correction concerns the method of recognising purchase rebates and adjustments to lease agreements recognised under 
IFRS 16. The effect of the adjustment on the 2020 profit is EUR -0.4 million. 
 
Average remuneration (in euros) 
 
 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 
Chair of th  item of 10% of 
the basi c salary of the Group CEO and Deputy CEO. The supplementary pension is paid every six months by the company to a company that provides pension 
insurance.

Tokmanni Group Corporation Remuneration Report 2024 
 
 
 
12 
 
Long- term performance -based bonus in shares 
 
The bonus paid to the Group CEO in 2023 under the share -based incentive scheme was based on the 2022 long- term incentive scheme, and the earning period for 
this scheme was the year 2022. The bonus was paid partly in shares of the company and partly in cash. The cash component covered the tax consequences of the 
bonus paid. 
 
Under the terms and conditions of the 2022, share -based incentive scheme, the maximum bonus for the Group CEO was 63.2% of the fixed annual salary for the 
earning period. The performance indicators used in the scheme were the company’s earnings per share with a weighting of 60%, the price performance of the 
company’s share with a weighting of 30%, and the red uction  vement of str ategic goals. Criteria can also 
be non-economic or qualitative, such as sustainability criteria. The Boar d of Directors may also, if necessary, decide on the one-off or individual 
remuneration components for the Group CEO and Deputy CEO and for other key persons for successful execution of the key or strategic projects that 
are important for the Group. Such projects include acquisitions and large- scale construction projects. 
Performance Share Plan The Performance Share Plan (PSP) structure consists of annually commencing individual performance share plans, each with a th ree-year 
performance period, followed by the payment of the potential share rewards. The Board of Directors will decide separately on each new plan, its 
earning period and related details. The first individual plan in the PSP structure, PSP 2024 –2026, commenced at the beginning of 2024 and the 
awards potentially earned thereunder will be paid in listed shares of Tokmanni Group Corporation during