 f shares, options or other special rights entitling to shares as part of remuneration. 
 
Short -term remuneration 
 
The Board of Directors determines the terms of the Group’s performance- related bonus each year. These short -term performance bonuses are typically paid 
quarterly and/or once a year. The bonuses are paid in cash or as additional pension contributions based on the achievement of the company’s profitability targets 
and other financial targets for the financial year, thereby supporting the achievement of strategic goals. Criteria can also be non -economic or qualitative, such as 
sustainability criteria. As the r ecommended indicators are measurable, the Board will be able to assess objectively the results at the end of the performance period. 
 
The Board of Directors may also, if necessary, decide on the one- off or individual remuneration components for the Group CEO and Deputy CEO and for other key 
persons for successful execution of the key or strategic projects t d to the Group CEO. 
Changes in the total remuneration have mostly been due to changes in realised performance - and share- based bonuses. 
 
The Deputy CEO’s primary role is to act as the Group’s CFO and CIO. As the role of Deputy CEO is secondary, the company does not pay a separate remuneration 
for the performance of the Deputy CEO’s duties. The Deputy CEO has not performed the CEO’s duties between 2018 and 2024.

Tokmanni Group Corporation Remuneration Report 2024 
 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
The comparable EBIT for 2020 has been adjusted. The figures concerning the comparable EBIT in 2018 –2019 are not fully comparable, because they have not been adjusted as a 
result of a correction made to previous financial years. The correction concerns the method of recognising purchase rebates and adjustments to lease agreements recognised under 
IFRS 16. The effect of the adjustment on the 2020 profit is EUR -0.4 million. 
 
Average remuneration (in euros) 
 
 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 
Chair of th n of a car benefit. 
 
Short -term performance -based bonus in cash 
 
The maximum amount of the cash bonus paid to the Group CEO under the short -term incentive scheme was set at 53.8% of his fixed annual salary in the 2023 
performance -based bonus scheme. The bonus for the 2023 incentive scheme was based on revenue (total revenue growth) and performance (comp arable gross 
profit %, comparable EBIT) targets and the turnover of inventories. In 2023, the Group CEO’s success rate in achieving the targets of the short -term incentive 
scheme was 26.8% of the maximum bonus, resulting i n a cash bonus of 14.4% of the fixed salary for 2023. The amount payable in cash was EUR 64,076 and it was 
paid in 2024. 
 
The maximum amount of the cash bonus paid to the Group CEO under the short -term incentive scheme was set at 61.8% of his fixed annual salary in the 2024 
performance -based bonus scheme. The bonus for the 2024 incentive scheme was based on revenue (total consolidated revenue growth) muneration Report 2024 
 
 
 
15 
 
Remuneration components and key terms of contract of the Group CEO and Deputy CEO 
 
Fixed salary The fixed annual salary is reviewed annually by the People and Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board. 
Pension Pensions are determined in line with the general provisions applied in Finland to employee pensions (Employee Pensions Act). In 2024, contributions 
to a supplementary pension insurance for the Group CEO were paid as part of a performance- based incentive scheme (does not apply to the Deputy 
CEO). 
Short -term incentives The Board of Directors determines the terms of the Group’s performance -related bonus each year. These short -term performance bonuses are 
typically paid quarterly and/or once a year. The bonuses are paid in cash or as additional pension contributions based on the achievement of the 
company’s profitability targets and other financial targets for the financial year, thereby supporting the achievement of str ategic