 Ör 2024. 
 
Development in 2024 
The CEO summarizes the company's overall results in its account of page A 8 I 
The annual report 2024. 
The Company's Remuneration Road Lines: Scope, Purpose and Deviations 
A prerequisite for a successful implementation of the company's business strategy is that the company can 
recruit and retain qualified employees. This requires the company to offer 
Competitive compensation. The company's compensation guidelines enable that senior executives 
can be offered a competitive total compensation 
According to the remuneration lines, the compensation to senior executives must be market -based and may consist of fixed basic salary, pension benefits, possibility of variable compensation and others 
benefits. Bonus shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria whose fulfillment shall 
measured annually. 
The guidelines for compensation to senior executives can be found on page 39 in the annual report 
2024. The company No 
2024. The company has followed the guidelines as well as the decision -making process to review the guidelines specified in 
the annual report. The auditor's opinion on the Company's compliance with the guidelines is available on 
Tradedoubler's website, no compensation has been required back. 
 
Application of performance criteria 
Variable remuneration shall be market -based and award growth, operating profit and operate 
Group collection. It should be based on in advance determined measurable targets, both 
quantitative as qualitative and in writing agreed with the employee. The outcome for the moving 
Compensation should normally amount to a maximum of 50 percent of the fixed salary.

In 2024, the executive Direk Tör received SEK 514 ksek in variable compensation, which refers to 
goal fulfillment for the fiscal year 2023. Expected variable remuneration related to the financial year 
2024 is approximately SEK 503 and will be paid out during the first quarter of 202 5. 
The performance criteria of the CEO