 igned so tha t they promote the company's business strategy and long -term interests, 
including its sustainability. In 202 4, the company followed the applicable remuneration guidelines 
adopted by the Annual General Meeting. No deviations from the guidelines have been made and no 
deviations have been made from the decision -making process that according to the guidelines is to b e 
applied to determine the compensation. The guidelines and the auditor's opinion on the company's 
compliance with the guidelines are available at www.troax.com/bolagsstyrning. No compensation 
has been claimed back.

Table 1 – Total remuneration to the CEO in 202 4 (TEUR) 
 
Name of executive 
(position) Fixed remuneration Variable 
remuneration 
Pension Total Share fixed / 
 
Year Base salary 
* Other 
benefits 
STI 
LTI Variable 
remuneration 
 
2024 Thomas Widstrand 
(CEO Jan-May 2024 ) 148,7 6,8 30,0 49,4 52,6 287,5 72% /2 8% 
2024 Martin Nyström 
 (CEO June - 2024 ) 
 208,2 6,4 0 0 33,2 247,8 100% /0 Ce of the Annual General Meeting. For more information, we refer to note 1 on page 25-26 
In the annual report for 202 4. 
 
Application of performance criteria / Application of Performance Criteria 
 
The performance criteria for the CEO's variable remuneration have been selected to realize 
The company's strategy and to encourage actions that are in the company's long -term sustainable interest. 
When choosing performance criteria, the strategic goals as well as cards - and long -term business - have
Priorities for the year 202 4 were taken into account. The selected performance criteria for STI for the year 202 4 is based on 
Net sales and operating profit for the Troax Group as well as development one of the Group's 
sustainability work, where the variable remuneration to the CEO benefits both 
organic and acquired growth, which goes hand in hand with the company's strategy to acquire and develop 
Companies with sustainable signs. Performance is further contributing to adaptation to Hållba löner under hela 
perioden. Utvärdering sker baserat på utfallet 2027 och för att fullt utfall skall utgå krävs en ökning 
av justerad vinst per aktie med 54% samt en minskning av växthusgaser med 10% enligt SBTi jämfört 
med 2024. Reservering för LTI kommer att påbörjas under 2025. 
 
The performance criteria for the CEO's variable remuneration have been chosen to realize the 
company's strategy and to encourage actions that are in the company's long - term sustainable 
interest. When selecting performance criteria, the strategic goals as well as short - and long -term 
business priorities for the year 202 4 have been considered . The selected performance criteria for STI 
2024 are based on net sales and operating profit for Troax Group and the development of the Group’s 
sustainability work , where the variable remuneration to the CEO benefits from both organic and 
acquired growth, which goes hand in hand with the company's strategy to acquire and develop 
companies with sustainable ies with sustainable signs. 
 
The performance criteria further contri bute to adaptation to sustainability and the company's values, 
even though they are expressed in financial terms . During the reporting financial year, the 
performance of the previous CEO regarding STI and LTI, which was largely based on qualitative 
measures related to the handover to the new CEO, was assessed to some extent to meet the set 
criteria and the remuneratio n outcome amounts to 30 ,0 TEUR regarding STI and 49 ,4 TEUR regarding 
LTI. The current CEO's STI, which was primarily based on growth and profitability, has been negatively 
affected by the current economic situation, which has resulted in the remuneration outcome for 2024 
amounting to 0 ,0 TEUR. 
 
When hiring the new CEO, it was decided to have an LTI program of three years and eight months 
(May 2024 – December 2027) to promote the company's sustainable growth and profitability. A 
maximum bonus can be earned with 4 months' salary per year, 