  competitive remuneration. 
These guidelines enable senior executives to be offered a competitive total remuneration. According 
to the remuneration guidelines, remuneration to senior executives must be paid on market and 
competitive terms and may c onsist of the following components: 
 
a) base salary (fixed cash salary) 
b) Short Term Incentive (STI) 
c) long -term variable remuneration (Long Term Incentive ”LTI”) 
d) pension and other benefits 
 
The short term variable cash compensation (STI) must be linked to the fulfillment of financial or non -
financial targets (for example within the sustainability area) which can be measured over a period of 
one year. To promote long -term, the long -term variable cash compensation (LTI) must be linked to 
the Group's long -term growt h- and profit and / or sustainability development over a period of three 
years. The compensations can consist of individualized quantitative or qualitative goals. The criteria 
must be designed so tha t they  igned so tha t they promote the company's business strategy and long -term interests, 
including its sustainability. In 202 4, the company followed the applicable remuneration guidelines 
adopted by the Annual General Meeting. No deviations from the guidelines have been made and no 
deviations have been made from the decision -making process that according to the guidelines is to b e 
applied to determine the compensation. The guidelines and the auditor's opinion on the company's 
compliance with the guidelines are available at www.troax.com/bolagsstyrning. No compensation 
has been claimed back.

Table 1 – Total remuneration to the CEO in 202 4 (TEUR) 
 
Name of executive 
(position) Fixed remuneration Variable 
remuneration 
Pension Total Share fixed / 
 
Year Base salary 
* Other 
benefits 
STI 
LTI Variable 
remuneration 
 
2024 Thomas Widstrand 
(CEO Jan-May 2024 ) 148,7 6,8 30,0 49,4 52,6 287,5 72% /2 8% 
2024 Martin Nyström 
 (CEO June - 2024 ) 
 208,2 6,4 0 0 33,2 247,8 100% /0 Ce of the Annual General Meeting. For more information, we refer to note 1 on page 25-26 
In the annual report for 202 4. 
 
Application of performance criteria / Application of Performance Criteria 
 
The performance criteria for the CEO's variable remuneration have been selected to realize 
The company's strategy and to encourage actions that are in the company's long -term sustainable interest. 
When choosing performance criteria, the strategic goals as well as cards - and long -term business - have
Priorities for the year 202 4 were taken into account. The selected performance criteria for STI for the year 202 4 is based on 
Net sales and operating profit for the Troax Group as well as development one of the Group's 
sustainability work, where the variable remuneration to the CEO benefits both 
organic and acquired growth, which goes hand in hand with the company's strategy to acquire and develop 
Companies with sustainable signs. Performance is further contributing to adaptation to Hållba