 fixed remuneration 
is based on the CEO’s professional competence, educational 
background, expertise, and professional experience, as well as 
organizational responsibility and the general compensation level 
in corresponding positions. Patrick Anderson’s fixed remuneration was EUR 152,537 in total 
(including holiday pay and benefits in kind). 
John Ojanperä’s fixed remuneration was EUR 30,740 (including 
holiday pay and benefits in kind).
Long-term incentive 
planThe purpose of the long-term incentive plan is to align the 
interests of the CEO with those of the Company’s shareholders 
through the financial performance of the United Bankers Group, 
or the development of the Company’s share price.
The long-term incentive plan may be determined based on the 
attainment of the quantitative or qualitative targets set out by the 
Board of Directors, or the development of the Company’s share 
price.Based on the earnings period 2021-2023 of the Share Incentive 
Plan, Patrick Anderson receiv ortional, taking into consideration the Company’s long-term 
interest. The amount of long-term remuneration depends also 
on the targets set out by the Board of Directors. The amount of 
the CEO’s variable remuneration and its proportional percentage 
compared to the fixed remuneration must, additionally, adhere 
the maximum limits imposed by the financial industry regulation 
in force from time to time. In 2024, the ratio of the long-term incentive and fixed remuner -
ation paid to Patrick Anderson was 186.6%, including deferred 
remuneration from other earnings periods of the Share Incentive 
Plan.
Earning criteria of the 
long-term incentive planLong-term incentive plan may be determined based on the attain -
ment of the quantitative or qualitative targets set by the Board of 
Directors, or the development of the Company’s share price.Remuneration paid out in 2024 to Patrick Anderson based on 
the earnings period 2021-2023 of the Share Incentive Plan, was 
based 70% on performance t l to the Company. Share 
ownership creates a long-term incentive for the management to 
maximise the Company’s long-term value and the possibility for 
competitive earnings. The Share Incentive Plan consists of three-
year earnings periods, and the remuneration from each period fall 
due the following year of the expiry of such earnings period. The 
Company’s Board of Directors resolves upon the earning criteria 
and the set targets in the beginning of each earnings period. 
During the term of the service relationship, the CEO or their con -
trolled entity is not allowed to sell the shares obtained by them via 
the Share Incentive Plan, to the extent the value of such shares in 
the Company falls short of the amount of the CEO’s fixed gross 
annual remuneration.The remuneration paid out in 2024 to Patrick Anderson was based 
on the attainment of the financial and sustainability targets of the 
Group as well as targets concerning adherence to the internal 
guidelines and principles of t