 ernance Committee. 
The remuneration for the Directors and 
the CEO during the financial year 2024 was 
executed in accordance with the Policy. No 
temporary deviations from the Policy have 
been made and no remuneration of the CEO 
nor the Directors has been reclaimed or 
restated (clawback and malus provisions) 
during the financial year 2024.
The aim of the CEO’s remuneration is to 
drive and reward the achievement of the 
Company’s strategic priorities and thereby 
promote the Company’s long-term financial 
success, competitiveness and favorable 
development of shareholder value. The 
share ownership recommendation further 
strengthens the alignment of interests of 
the Company, the CEO and the Company’s 
shareholders. A significant portion of the 
CEO’s theoretical maximum total remu-
neration opportunity is based on variable 
components and the payout is dependent on 
the achievement of predetermined perfor-
mance measures. In the financial year 2024, 
the remuneration paid and c ating a close alignment of the Directors’ 
interests with those of shareholders.
The travel and lodging expenses in-
curred from meetings held elsewhere than in a Director’s place of residence were paid 
against invoice.
The Directors did not receive any meeting 
fees or other financial benefits for their 
Board or committee membership other than 
those stated in this Report.
REMUNERATION REPORT 2024 UPM-KYMMENE CORPORATION

3. Remuneration of the CEO
The remuneration of the CEO consists of 
fixed components, such as base salary 
and fringe benefits, variable components, 
such as short- and long-term incentives, 
pension and other financial benefits. Variable remuneration components form a 
significant portion of the theoretical maxi -
mum total remuneration opportunity, and 
the payout is dependent on the achieve -
ment of the predetermined performance measures that support the execution of 
the Company’s strategic priorities and 
promote the Company’s long-term value 
creation and fi