  long-term business performance4
 Introduction
 Chair’s foreword
 Remuneration linked to long-term 
business performance
 Remuneration of the Board of Directors
 Remuneration of the President 
and CEO 
 Performance outcomes
 Contacts

Remuneration of the Board of Directors 
for the previous financial year
The Shareholder’s Nomination Board reviews benchmark data for board remuneration annually 
to determine the correct market compensation levels for the Chair of the Board, the Vice-Chair of 
the Board, and the members of the Board. 
In line with our remuneration policy, the compensation for the Board of Directors was adjusted, 
based on the Nomination Board’s 2024 proposal. Based on the decision of the Annual General 
Meeting, 40 percent of the Board’s annual fees were reinvested to buy Valmet shares from the 
market. No special terms or conditions are associated with share ownership.Board of Directors’ compensation in 2024 (in EUR)
NameTotal 
annual feeShare 
reward 
portionCash 
port e meetings to which 
they have been invited and have attended.
REMUNERATION REPORT 
2024valmet | remuneration report 2024 || remuneration of the board of directors5
 Introduction
 Chair’s foreword
 Remuneration linked to long-term 
business performance
 Remuneration of the Board of Directors
 Remuneration of the President 
and CEO 
 Performance outcomes
 Contacts

Remuneration Policy for the 
President and CEO at a glance 
The Remuneration Policy provides a remuneration structure that aligns the remuneration for 
the President and CEO with the Company’s long-term value creation and the achievement of its 
strategic objectives in accordance with its remuneration principles. The table below describes the 
policy’s content at a glance.
The table below summarizes the elements of the President and CEO’s remuneration:
Remuneration element Purpose and link to strategy Operation
Fixed base salary Core reward for the role at an 
appropriate level to attract and retain.Valmet follows the peer co market practice, the President and CEO has an additional 
pension benefit in the form of a defined contribution pension plan of 20 percent of annual fixed base salary. The President and CEO’s retirement age 
follows the statutory retirement age.
Other insurance benefits will be provided in line with appropriate levels indicated by the local market practice and requirements in the country of 
employment.
Short-term Incentive To incentivize and recognize the 
achievement of specific annual financial 
and business objectives in support of the 
Company’s strategy.The short-term incentive is an annual performance bonus for which the Board of Directors sets the annual maximum incentive opportunity 
(as a percentage of the base salary), performance measures, and target levels for the President and CEO. The short-term incentive performance criteria 
include Company-level key financial targets with a significant weight and strategic individual targets defined by the Board of Directors.
Long-ter  Directors.
Long-term incentive To align the objectives of shareholders 
and executives to increase the value of 
the Company, commit executives to the 
Company, and offer a competitive reward 
plan based on a long-term shareholding 
in Valmet.The President and CEO is included in share-based incentive plans decided and implemented by the Board of Directors, and for which share repurchase 
and share issue authorizations are obtained from the General Meeting. The plan mainly follows a three-year earning period with Company-level strategic 
and financial performance targets. For example, the performance targets for the long-term incentive plan can be related to growth, profitability, 
and sustainability as determined and decided by the Board of Directors annually. The predetermined performance targets are measurable, and the 
achievement of these targets determines the payout level of the share-based incentive plan.
For the President and CEO, the reward for each performance period is capp ITA margin
Orders received growth % of the stable business
Strategic target for the 2022–2024 performance periodPerformance Share Plan 2022–2024 (PSP 2022–2024), 
paid partially in 2023 and payable partially in 2025
%
Rg_67
Performance Share Plan 
2022–2024 (PSP 
2022–2024), 
paid partially in 2023 
and payable partially in 
2025Comparable 
EBITA marginOrders 
received 
growth % of 
the stable 
businessStrategic 
target for the 
2022–2024 
performance 
period
Weight 37.5 37.5 25
Outcome in 
2022–202418.83 37.5 25
1
REMUNERATION REPORT 
2024valmet | remuneration report 2024 || performance outcomes9
 Introduction
 Chair’s foreword
 Remuneration linked to long-term 
business performance
 Remuneration of the Board of Directors
 Remuneration of the President 
and CEO 
 Performance outcomes
 Contacts

Performance Share Plan 2024–2026 (PSP 2024–2026), payable in 2027
The maximum long-term incentive reward for former President and CEO Pasi Laine was 150 percent of annual 
base salary determine