 mpany and individual performance. 
ii) Be market competitive to attract and retain best -in- class talent. 
iii) To incentivise the creation of long -term shareholder value in a rapidly changing 
industry. 
Specifically, our strategic priorities and our vision are reflected in the design of executive 
remuneration as set out below: 
• Deliver profitable growth : A substantial proportion of remuneration is variable and linked 
to our key performance drivers. Performance measures in our short - and long -term 
incentive plans are carefully selected to promote growth through stretching and relevant 
incentive targets . 
• Create long -term shareholder value: Incentive plans are designed to reward sustainable 
company performance and value creation. Resulting outcomes are intended to reflect 
shareholders’ experience and contribute to increased alignment as executives are required 
to build and maintain a signifi cant share - holding in Viaplay Group. 
• Lead with relevant and popular prod  weightings at the 
start of each year on the recommendation by the 
Committee. The Board ensures that there is 
strong alignment with the business strategy and 
that the targets are cl ear and sufficiently 
stretching. 
 
STIs will also take into account the individual 
executives’ performance against pre -determined 
and measurable objectives within their area of 
responsibility, determined in consultation with the 
Presi - dent and CEO (or, in the case of the 
President and CEO, the Chair of the Board). These 
objectives may be functional, operational, 
strategic and non -financial, including, among 
others, objectives relating to environmental, social 
and governance issues. 
 
Payment under this plan is made after year -end 
following the Committee’s and Board’s 
determination of achievement against the annual 
corporate targets and the achievement of annual 
individual objectives for the President and CEO. 
The President and CEO dete rmines the 
achievement of annual individual o