  accordance with the Swedish Companies Act 
and the Stock Mark et Self-Regulation Committee’s Remuneration Rules. 
 Further information on executive remuneration is available in note 7 (Employees and 
personnel costs) on pages 69 -72 in the annual report 202 4. Information on the work of 
the remuneration committee in 202 4 is set out in the corporate governance report avail-
able on pages 34 -35 in the annual report 202 4. 
 
Remuneration of the board of directors is not covered by this report. Such remuneration 
is resolved annually by the annual general meeting and disclosed in note 7 on page 69 
in the annual report 202 4. 
 
 
 
Key developments 2024 
 
The CEO summarizes the company’s overall performance in his statement on page 6 -7 
in the annual report 2024. 
 
 
The company’s remuneration guidelines: scope, purpose and 
deviations 
 
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and 
safeguarding of its long -term interests, including its rests, including its sustainability, is that the company 
can recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end, the company must off er compet-
itive remuneration. The company’s remuneration guidelines enable the company to offer executives a competitive total remuneration. Under the remuneration guidelines, exec-
utive remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following compo-
nents: fixed cash salary, variable cash remuneration, pension benefits and other benefits. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to financial or non- financial criteria. They 
may be individualized, quantitative or qualitative objectives. The c riteria shall be de-
signed to contribute to the company’s business strategy and long -term interests, includ-
ing its sustainability, by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or pro-
moting the executive’s long- term development. 
 
The guidelines are found on pages 45 -47 in the annual report 202 4. During 202 4, the 
c priorities for 2023 
have been taken into account. The non- financial performance measures further 
contribute to alignment with sustainability as well as the company values. The cri-
teria may be linked to the development of the company's share price and / or the development and progress of the company's product candidates. They can also 
consist of individually tailored quantitative or qualitative goals. 
 When the measurement period for meeting the criteria for payment of variable cash compensation has ended, it must be assessed / determined to what extent 
the criteria have been met. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the 
evaluation of remuneration to senior executives, including the CEO. Regarding financial targets, the assessment shall be based on the most recently published financial information by the company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 4 - Performance of the CEO in the reported financial 
year: variable cash remuneration 
 
 Name of 
director 
(position) 1 2 3 
De