 ch 
remuneration may not exceed an a nnual amount corresponding to 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary and 
may not be paid more than once each year per individual . 
 
 
Pension Benefits 
Purpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost -effective pension benefits. 
 
Operational Details • Pension ben efits shall be defined contribution ( premium 
defined) unless the individual concerned is subject to defined 
benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement 
provisions. 
• Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pe nsion 
benefits unless the executive officer is part of mandatory 
collective agreed provisions where this is s tipulate d. 
• Early retirement may be offered selectively and only after a 
special decision by the Remuneration Committee , with a 
defined contributio n early retirement scheme. 
• For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish, 
pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with 
mandatory rules or established loca  or established local practice, taking into 
account, to the extent possible, the overall purpos e of this 
policy. 
Opportunity Levels • The pension premiums for defined contribution pension shall 
amount to not more than 50 per cent of the pensionable salary 
(for the CEO fixed annual base salary ). 
 
 
Other Benefits 
Purpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost -effective benefits. 
 
Operational Details • Other benefits may include but is not limited to life insurance, 
disability insurance, medical insurance /cover (Sw: 
sjukvårdsförsäkring) , and a company car or car allowance . 
• For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish, 
benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory 
rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the 
extent possible, the overall purpose of this polic y. 
• Executive officers who are international assignees ( for example 
expatriates ) to or from Sweden may receive additional 
remuneration and other