 ariable salary shall only be paid if the adjusted profit for 
the year excee ds the previous year's adjusted profit. Cloetta's Board of Directors is responsible for assessing 
the outcome in relation to variable salary to the CEO. In relation to variable salary to the other members of 
the executive management team, the CEO is respon sible for assessing the outcome which shall be confirmed 
by the remuneration committee. 
 
Pension benefits may vary depending on agreements and practices in the country where the individual is 
employed. Defined contribution pension benefits are strived for. Swedish executives' pension terms shall 
comply with or correspond to, and thus be limite d to, the general pension plan in accordance with the ITP 
plan in relation to the executives who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The executives who 
are not covered by collective bargaining agreements shall have the right to defined contrib ution pension 
provisions amounting to no more than 30 g to no more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The company's CEO shall 
have the right to defined contribution pension provisions amounting to no more than 30 per cent of the fixed 
annual cash salary. Variabl e salary and other benefits shall not be pension -qualifying unless otherwise 
provided by law or collective bargaining agreements. In addition to the pension provisions stated above, 
Swedish executives have the right to exchange salary for additional pensio n provisions provided that it is cost 
neutral for Cloetta. For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits and other 
benefits may be duly adjusted in order to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking 
into acc ount, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of these guidelines. Pension provisions for executives 
whose employments are governed by rules other than Swedish may however not exceed 30 per cent of the 
fixed annual cash salary. 
 
The executive man