 To enable the recruitment of qualified employees and contribute to continuity. In the case of a maximum outcome, the variable cash setting is 34 percent of the total compensation for the CEO and an average of 22 percent for other senior executives. 
 The company does not have any deferral periods or the opportunity to recover variable cash according to an agreement. 

 Other benefits 
 Other benefits, such as a corporate car, compensation for health and health care and health insurance, etc., shall constitute a minor part of the total compensation and comply with what is market-based. Premiums and other costs due to such benefits may amount to a maximum of 5 percent of the fixed salary. 

 Pensions 
 Pension shall be paid in accordance with relevant national legislation and current collective agreement provisions within the respective geographical market. Retirement age for all senior executives is 65 years. Pension agreement for CEO may deviate from local collective agreements but should be a fee But must be taxable. For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance, must be determined. Variable cash setting must be pensionable. The pension premiums for a premium pension will amount to a maximum of 30 percent of the fixed salary. For other senior executives, pension benefits, including health insurance, must be premium -determined unless the executive is covered by a benefit pension in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash setting must be pensionable to the extent that follows from mandatory collective agreement provisions that apply to the executive. The pension premiums for premium -determined pensions shall amount to a maximum of 22 percent of the fixed salary. 

 Terms on termination 
 The CEO shall have a notice period for six months in the event of a termination and for a maximum of twelve months if the termination is done on the part of the company. Other senior executives shall, regardless of their own dismissal or termination on the part of the company,