 sidered reasonable. 

 Additional variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances, provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made on an individual basis, either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives, or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual’s ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and shall not be paid more than once per year and per individual. Resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. 

 Pension 

 For the CEO, pension benefits, including health insurance, shall be defined contribution. Variable cash salary shall not qualify for pension benefits. Pension contributions for defined contribution pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 

 For other members of the Group Management, p  Group Management, pension benefits, including health insurance, shall be defined contribution unless the executive concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash salary shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. Pension contributions for defined contribution pension shall amount to not more than 35 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 

 Other benefits and compensation 

 Other compensation may consist of other benefits that are customary and in line with market terms, such as medical insurance, life insurance and company cars, which shall not constitute a significant part of the total remuneration. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. 

 For employments governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rul