 uch AGM resolution. To the extent that long -
term incentive programs are pr oposed to the AGM, they shall constitute a supplement to fixed based remuneration 
and variable salary for the senior executives who, through their expertise and their performance, contribute to a 
particularly high degree to the Company's/Group's performanc e-related goal achievement, business strategy, long -
term interests and sustainability. Any share or share price related incentive programs must have a qualifying period 
of at least three years. 
 
Pension 
Ordinary retirement age is normally 65 years. As a general rule, pension benefits should be defined and amount to 
a maximum of 30 percent of the fixed base salary for the CEO , Group Management and other senior executives in 
the Management Team , unless there are other consequences in the individual case of the ITP plan. Only a fixed 
salary is occupational pension -based, unless otherwise stated in the individual case applicable ITP plan. 
 
For se  ITP plan. 
 
For senior executives outside Sweden, pension benefits may vary due to legislation or local market practice. 
 
Other benefits and remuneration 
Other remuneration may consist of other customary and market -related benefits, such as healthcare insurance, 
which shall not constitute a significant part of the total remuneration. 
 
In addition, further remuneration under extraordinary circumstances may, on a case -by-case basis, upon decision 
from the Board of Directors, be agreed on an individual level with the purpose to promote the recruitment or prevent 
the loss of senior executiv es. Such extraordinary arrangements may include, for example, a one -time cash payment, 
but shall not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed annual salary of the person concerned. 
 
Termination notice and severance pay 
Fixed base salary during the notice period and severance pay, including remuneration for any restriction of 
competition, shall not, in total, exceed an amount corresp