 le benefits as 
are available to employees in the home country. 
Pension and Other 
financial benefits Pension accumulation and retirement age of the President and CEO is determined by the 
practices and terms of the applicable law in the home country. 
There are no other financial benefits for the CEO , and the CEO does not receive any additional 
compensation for the work in the Leadership Team or for acting in other decision -making 
bodies of the Corporation. 
The STI reward for the President and CEO can be paid partly or fully to a pension fund. The 
Board of Directors decides annually on the contribution to the fund. As the contribution to the 
pension fund is not subject to social or other employer costs, the r eward paid to the pension 
fund is multiplied by 1.1. 
The CEO shall be entitled to liability insurance for the Director in accordance with the company 
policy in force from time to time. The CEO shall be entitled an insurance to cover any accidents 
during leisure time a uring leisure time as well as customary travel insurance. Additionally, the company shall 
subscribe for the CEO a life insurance with an amount equaling to the annual gross salary of the 
CEO. 
The company may offer a defined -contribution pension plan for the Managing Director, 
whereby the company contributes 1 0-20% of the annual base salary into a designated pension 
fund. This contribution is made on a monthly basis and is designed to provide the Managing 
Director with a secure retirement income, reflecting the company’s commitment to long -term 
financial well -being. The pension plan is aligned with industry standards and is regularly 
reviewed to ensure competitiveness and compliance with applicab le regulations. The

percentage of the company’s contribution will be decided by the Board of Directors. The 
Managing Director may also make additional voluntary contributions to enhance their 
retirement benefits. 
Short -term 
incentive (STI) WithSecure’s short -term incentives a